 I see some people in the toilet searching for waste and sand sakes. I understand beside you on the next basin and then I just... there. Water coming home, magic. Oh, okay. Oh, yeah. All this is a surprise, huh? You're in the open, oh, I'm pretty man? Are you the king of pilots? I'm not a king of pilots. So what are you? Well, I'm a R&D manager overseeing all the designs in the toilet all the way to manufacturing. This is not my favorite seat but this seems very comfortable with him. How you caught seapping here. So every shopping center I would like to visit the toilet and then I'll see how the product performs. I look at one thing, well, very interesting, they will stay there, they just walk. I have a surprise watching. What you want me to do? Like that. This one is. This one is very good also. Are you also an expert at uncle or even? Wow. Actually, you don't use this you just drop the drop the drop the book at like then you flush so there will be a pleasure suction inside that i learned from YouTube you're on see YouTube. Currently, the river is manufacturing about $44,000 per year. That brings out around $12,000 per month. Not only for Singapore market, it's also exporting to around 26 other countries in the way. Some people actually don't know that Uyghur is a Singapore brand. They thought that it's an international brand. So it really makes me quite blocked. Once you go to China Port, please visit the toilets so we can see our sensor panel right with a smiley face. There is to welcome the outvis there from overseas. We also have smart toilet being exponents. Our IoT system actually collects her usage, right? How much water is being consumed? Even in the toilet row where it's empty, there's a alert sent out to the cleaner mobile to tell them to top up to make her job easier. Well in the past math factoring sector I do manufacture a lot but there's not much technology being put in. Nowadays, we're talking about smart nations in Singapore, especially, we have to apply a lot of technologies. Texas, you see a lot of young engineers like to join with us just because they are being excited by all these technologies and they really want to apply their skill sets into developing new products. Since you are in the toilet business right so because it's a company that gives a lot of toilet breaks on it. So you can spend the whole day inside of the toilet, nobody will complain. I'll.