 So every time after smoking I will always be very happy with our next wife. It is very small and you hire them. They'll be like, oh why you smoke? Smoke what? That was like no I don't eat that don't worry. I mean I smoke the meat until I'm really very high, very happy now. Hello I'm Jay's and I want a few female pig masters in Singapore and I smoke meat. I was struggling and debating with myself if I call myself a smoker but I don't smoke. So that's the only term that I conclude myself as a pitmaster, somebody who knows the equipment well. There was once when I was smoking at home, the meat where I took it outright, then it was so soft, that it slipped and fell off my hand and splattered on the ground. Half of it went into my fish pond. I smoke about 80 to 90 kilos of briskets a week. A brisket is actually right half cut of meat. In the smoking circle, right I kind of like the ultimate goal that everybody wants to reach. Smoking is usually dominated by males. I have to carry 90 kilo of meat every week. I think it's easier for males with their strength and physical built, but I'm somebody who enjoys doing such things and I feel that women can also do the things that men can do. I don't really have to go dream anymore, I think so. So when I first started it was at the backyard of my house. Within six months I scaled up into a commercial business. I had like some strangers coming up to me and say that you know you are not a F&B train you are not a chef like what makes you think that you can sell your meat. It's also this kind of words that make me motivate and go on further. Like I want to prove him wrong, I also want to prove myself wrong, so I will convert my energy into how I can smoke better meats. When I first stumbled upon smoking meats like online reading of people who don't sleep for 20 or hours. I was like, what's still all these people? They're really crazy, yeah. Who knows? Now I'm part of a bit. So right now, it has been 22 hours and the brisket is finally I think it should be ready. With a lot of time and patience and love, the other when you look at the end result, that's the part that you will wow out yourself and you make everybody around you like wow. And I think that is like the joy of smoking and I really, I really enjoy myself. When I first listed my product on my website, and then it was totally sold out in 30 seconds. I realized that, you know, when you set your mind onto something you can just work through it. I believe that the passion, the love you have, the enjoyment that you have, it will always be reflected in the midst. And for me, you know, how to just feel so full. I think that is really the kind of feeling that I'm looking for and whatever that I do. I mean, not just smoking. Yeah, life is short, I just enjoy. So I must share the happiness, enjoy with everybody, just like how I share my food. you