 On the dating apps people, the guys will ask me, also you'll work in the CD as well. Truthfully, I also work in the CD. Yeah, yeah, the lunch always very busy in Hawker Centre, yeah. Then we get to the point when they will finally ask me about my profession and then I'll just have to tell them. Yeah. My name is Faisei. Morning and I run a small coffee store in Ammon Street Fusender called Coffee Break. I think my friends in the beginning they don't understand why I would settle to be a hocker. The most common comments that I get would be, ha, can make money, man, man, or you so young, people will buy from you, you man this is your full-time job your income enough and most times when they find out that I have a bachelor's they'll be like oh so why are you still in a hockey center? Very deliberately my bachelor's is targeted towards this business. Thank you. So I'm actually a major in marketing. It does help in improving the business like our point of sale system, our staffing system. Before I started as a copyhocker, I was actually a full-time athlete, so I used to play beach football for Singapore. The precious of playing on court versus having to deal with a lunchtime slam with a team behind you has many similarities. So usually our lunch crop starts coming at about 12 p.m. So we're already preparing for war. It's like a battlefield. I have to depend on my team meets and I have to play to each other's strengths. I'm very vocal and I like the communication. Hot, hot, hot, this is hot. Thank you. Obviously, I am the frontman because one I can control my team every time it thinks you need to have a which look at it and I also can control the customers who are impatient for their drinks. All right, thanks for waiting stuff for a grain of sugar. Is that ice cup for a tender? Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you. Last time in Beach, Vyber, we were signal, like two, one, you know, behind our backs. And it's more efficient. So, same, we also have a lot of short forms in writing our orders, because when someone orders a copy cow show, a cepa show, a cepa, show, you know you cannot spell out the entire. So you have to short-handed, long. So me have a song, delo. Haino's, I'm, you're a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, my a woman. Go book on quiet. And my home is a good time. I'm sorry, I don't know. But you're not going to get it. I So, see, the game, I'm gonna, we'll go, we'll go, we'll go, and we'll go on the, we'll go on, we'll's time and we first started out. He actually told us say your coffee actually sucked from the start, but it's because I believe in your father and I believe in his children. That's why I gave you guys a chance and stuck by you. We really didn't always go, like, when we first started out. And I'm very thankful for regulars who stuck by us. And this one we need, huh? shoot a die. I just think it's quite special. My personal motto is to be reliable, to be here for my staff, my customers, every day without fail when we say we are going to be here. I do see myself doing this for the rest of my life. I enjoy the service, the rush, the adrenaline that comes every time I work slam. When I'm older probably like my heart cannot take it like but until I cannot I will keep doing it. you