 She was like Africa do you want to see a surprise? And she did this for a skirt and she said look underneath and look It was a massacre down there. It was just blood all the way. Hi. You have any period horror stories? There's so many. You cannot even begin to tell you how many there are. The story I'm about to tell you has a title. The title is, do men not have dustpents in their toilets? It all started when I was hanging out with this guy at his house. So we were just playing video games and stuff. Nothing suspicious, okay? And we were just playing video games and stuff nothing nothing suspicious okay and we were just playing video games after a while I went through a toilet just to do normal toilet stuff then I realized oh need to change my pet so I just you know I started changing my pet you how girls like the pet, they will take the pet and then they will like wrap in toilet paper, but then you'll throw it away. So I had my little pet in toilet paper ball just as holding it. Then I looked around and I was like, there's no bin here. There's no dustbin anywhere inside. But in my head, I was like, this guy has a surround sound gaming system. He has a walk-in wardrobe, but he doesn't have a dustbin in his toilet and then he's like outside he's like you're okay. And I'm like I don't want to tell him that I have nowhere to throw my pad. So I really sat in there for 10 minutes trying to figure out what to do. And then eventually, somehow, somewhere, I got a plastic bag and I stuffed it in my plastic bag and I stuffed it and I like shoved in my pocket. Then I was like, I came out of the toilet and I was like, ha ha, I need to go home now. And he was like, what? Then I used myself out of there. If you are a male viewer, you are watching this video and you are male. Can you tell me? Do you have a dustbin in your toilet? Like, I'm perplexed. I was staying over at my current fiance's place, so at the time he was my boyfriend and I stained his bed. His mom is the one that dust the laundry. He was changing, he knows how to change it, but the laundry is all her because you know like all people that have their own way of doing laundry, right? So, Bobbien had to go to her. My mother-in-law, she changed my business with my blood, but she didn't judge me on anything. She was like, oh, okay, then she just changed. So, like, she was really, really nice about it. I wanted to die. T-L-D-R. I stayed my boyfriend's bed. I was so traumatized by it, I can even the exact date. It was New York State. The first of January. We were sleeping and then I woke up because I felt like my down day wait. And then I was like, shit eye wet the bit now I look like blala plus right it was like a small red dot it was then my boyfriend's house the sink sink, is outside the toilet. Not in the toilet. So I came out close the door. So I was in the kitchen, opening, scrubbing my blood-stained bed sheets, and then his mom walked out on her room. She opened the door. Then she very happily told me, said, good morning I'm too. That she, what happened? They said, I said, X's bed, la! Oh my God! She asked me, she tried to stick over the sheets and then put it into the washing machine and then help me clean the bed with me because the blood actually seep through the bed sheet and I stay in the mattress so soon. So we actually flipped the mattress around. It's still there. But if I flip it trip, I was going to go on a trip, an overseas trip with my classmates, the P5 overseas trip, and it was to Nan Singh China and it was my first time away from my parents alone together with my friends. Then on the day itself, when I got on the school bus, I first asleep and the next thing I knew from one part of Singapore all the way to Changi airport, my whole pan's right when I walked up right, it was a black bath. It was just red. And I was like, oh my god, why are you there? Just keep it here. I was here. What the heck is going on? Now that's, oh shit, it's my period. When I stood up, right? I felt so bad because I got the blood stain on the, on the bus seat. It's not a leather kind you know but you can just use tissue to wipe. It's the cushion kind you know but it was so cut. Then I think I tried to take like some tissues or what not. I really try to wipe whatever I could. I took the pet, then ran the toilet, like throw away all the tissues and I went in the vet, I was like, oh my god, this is like a bloodbath, it was so disgusting disgusting it was like one of my heavier spirits I don't know why for a p5 girl I like I was like 11 and why did why did so much black come on me I took the video nice spray I spray water, or I took some wet tissue, like I really go and spray, like, go on, my jeans out at the toilet bowl, and make sure that everything was dry. Obviously, I cannot walk out of the cubicle, half naked. So I think I wore back my jeans and then you know the hand dryer. I just stood under there and I just keep putting my hand there and so that it knows that they can censor my hand. And I stand there and let my jeans dry off with my butt like like that. Then move the hand dryer just enjoying my jean. And I went back to meet my classmates. I think nothing happened. I don't have any specific period horror stories, but every time I sneeze during my period it's just like a Niagara Falls just the litreous period I had somebody made me love them hard and I was like a-ha-ha-ha like, ah! In secondary school my school uniform was all white which is a recipe for disaster especially when you're going through puberty and then you don't know how to handle yourself. It was a beautiful assembly morning. I did not wear a pet that was like long enough to cover my ass, you know, the kind of pet, right? It's like, I think when you are a younger you always try to wear a cat back because you know you were active or like you sit down like I think that you would look at the back right. One day I just didn't wear that kind of pet. I up, it was like the Japan flag. Wow, I tell you, if you have white color, school skirts, I think you will understand the pin. For 10 years of my life, right, my school uniform was like completely white. And last time, I remember, my mother used to say like, wow, what uniform, damn troublesome, very, very easy state. And you know what? That's exactly what happened. It was a Saturday some more. That day just happened, right? We had to go back to school for some school anniversary celebration or something. So can you imagine, right? The whole freaking school is in the auditorium. And then there was a point in time where like I think the guest of honor or something like important person walked into the building. Everyone need to stand to clap right. The moment I stand my cousin to minnay, she. Oh my god, your skirt got stained. I like, no, no, no. I didn't usually like me like, no, no, no. No, no, no. I can't damn sick. I like. The worst part is in front of the few rows of people that were behind me, right? I still need to run to the nervous toilet, which is freaking far by the way, and then I had to explain to my teachers, like, because some important person talking in front of you imagine, like, this child, like, trying to run up on the back, and she's like, can you, like, can you, like, can you like, sit down just like, like, no, no, no, you don't understand, I got sicker right now, so I... And then I ran out. I mean, at a point in time, it's not possible to hide it from anybody, but also like, you're the thin, and like, nobody really cares. So when I remember I need to go to Florida and then it was quite packed so there's only like one cubicle left, you know when I went in I was like what at least smells smell so funny? So I look over the bean was full with pet and then you can see where some pet is not even bred with the tissue paper you know, but you can see the red spot and the black stuff. Yeah, I think it was then, Groosa is like, Stag, and you cannot close. And on top, that right, you see, you've got one pamper, you know. And it's so, when I talk about about it, I still remember the smell of the pepper, but... A horror story I would say, is... Oh, when I was in the toilet, I'm changing my pet, so they're like period bandies, where like the material is a bit like silicone siliconeish because of their material is very loud when you remove the pet. So like I could hear like my seniors outside laughing at me when I was changing my pet. Wow, this girl, change your pet? I'm like, oh, also no. So I felt very embarrassed at that point of time to be called out in a sense for changing my pet so loudly. So I think I waited in the toilet for like about 10 minutes and I was very cautious when I left. I wanted to make sure that they went back all the way to their classroom before I even leave the toilet just in case you know like I don't know maybe they wait for me outside to see who's this girl changing your pet so loudly. I can't control the sum just changing my pet and like you're so menstruate right like I've been in a girl school for 10 years, so that means all things periods are super normalized. Sometimes and across the room I say anybody got a bad. They were just tossed across and it's totally normal. So in side three we were having assembly and we went to hall and I was sat beside this girl and she was known to be very rebellious and she always be like, you want to fire? And I was really, I was kind of scared of her but she was friendly to me and I and I wanted it to stay that way. It was really boring assembly and she tapped on my back. She was like, Africa? Do you want to see a surprise? First of all, this assembly is really boring. I would love to see a surprise. Second of all, I don't want to piss her off, so I just say, yes, sure. Then she did this, she looked good and then she said look underneath and I was just so bored and brain dead from the assembly I just okay I look it was a massacre down there. It was just blood all the way. It's not like she leaked or anything. She was free bleeding. Free bleeding from her young heart spendies. We were like sitting Chris crawls, right? And then she just struck her butt on the floor and she left a bloody snail trail on the ground and I did not know how to react. I was just staring at the trail. I just didn't know what to say. I felt like if I say, oh my, what are you doing? She's gonna be me up. If I pointed it out, I would embarrass her. So I did not know what to say. I was just like, great, cool school things. Thank you for watching this episode. Let us know in the comments, what else you'd like us to share about? Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe. Bye!