 When I was at my pig, I spent most of whatever I earned. It got nice clothing. I owned a couple of luxury watches. Really a lowest point of my life. I was homeless and I never tell anyone because I was very embarrassed. I would stay in his school for a couple of days and go to Changi. But I was thinking of question to myself, what can I do to get myself out of this? See, some people, they are very good with Mets, yeah. I'm not a good at Mets, but I'm good at the Dreaming. That's my biggest talent, the Dreaming. I do love with people. I like to travel. Yeah, I know, I like dreaming. I do love creative work. I like to travel. I know I like images. I shoot everything, you know. I go to bus park, public area, I just shoot randomly. I don't aesthetic from there. I don't go to film school but I got like killer in a way right because I meet the right people. So I met this Japanese boss, Marie, she set me to Japanese construction in Singapore. At that point, I get quite good income, because it's hard to penetrate Japanese construction, I never see this kind of money before, financially, I'm not taught how to say money. My circular of friends, they come from Manila, they are so big of party, they have nice cars and so on. I was influenced by my surrounding. Then I got to watch it, like, Omega, Rolex. At one point, I was feeling a good life, so cool. But, uh, like me saw a bit of roses. After eight years, Modi passed on, things get bad, then proof it started, right? Everything disrupted, especially the constructed area. I was the free answer, about a year plus, I'm getting lesser and lesser, so I don't have enough income. I sold everything, I don't have enough income. I sold everything you know I don't have any more camera I have just enough money to buy a 10 then with me I just a small little back remember one time I caught my mom so my mom mom asked me, hey what are you? How are you? I said I'm good. I'm at my friend's place thinking maybe, hey my son is doing quite good, no? Yeah, somewhere because I suddenly see my mom. I feel like I'm let down. That point, I was really by hungry and people next to me are barbecuing. That is the saddest part of my life. One day, I feel a pin in my ear. When I close my eyes, I can, wait, blue, proper, you know? So I didn't know actually that something is happening inside my head. I was wondered, so I was diagnosed with stroke. Due to my condition, it was very hard for me to apply for a job. When I was hospitalized I met this social worker connected me to nowhere. My first impression I thought he's a young man. Yeah because when he spoke to me he sounds like drove an energetic. He told me that it's not to worry because he's dead to guide me and help me, you know, revive my resume. Yeah, because I'll get there. Grap. In terms of his personality, he's a fighter. He's a survivor, so he went to do grab, he went to take on part-time jobs that comes his way. So this is something that I really admire him. When he checked with me his situation, I was able to empathize with him, and I guess that also helped him to move on, because he had a listening year, and from that he can work towards getting employment. Most of my life, I'm alone, I'm on my own. You know, it's like a heaven's stand, no, when nowhere caught me because at that time I was quite desperate now, you know. One thing that noticed is he has grown in terms of disconfidence, right? And why I see is along the way, he bounced faster from adversity. With the help in the way. Yeah, I did a job. Yeah, so this is actually much needed for me to support myself. The way I describe my life is like a roller coaster because there be a lot of ups and a lot of downs. But you have to be kind to yourself and acknowledge your witness and have faith. So I accept my situation now. I cannot get back whatever I lost in the past. Yeah, so what I can do is just look ahead and make my life better. Now, I'm looking forward to my coming beautiful. So I always wanted to have my own home, so I'm very happy and I'm looking forward to be living in that house. My name is Rafi and I'm 51 years old and I'm doing my best in life. you