 Your bones are brittle, you should not climb. A lot of people will tell you at 67 is dangerous. When I reach the top I have lots of cats and then they will... now tell them, shh! Almost every gym that I go they know I'm anti-dolly. I don't mind that because I think anti is a safer wisdom. When I was in my early 50s and I was having a back problem, she saw me doing stretching and then she said since you're stretching why don't you go and stretch on the wall. She taught me the way to climb. Very fierce. Very fierce. Very fierce. Anything wrong with it? Not that late! Sometimes she said, you're like an elephant on the wall. When I started I had height for beer I try not to look down I looked up I was worried like my mom might fall like scrape her wrist, keep the hate. I think that was my worst fear. But once she got the sudden hike, I'm like, okay, pay me $1 million before I let you down. Yeah, then if I don't finish, you won't let me down. When you reach the top, you find that you have accomplished something. I learned to be more confident and till now I don't have bad eggs. It also overcomes my height for beer. Right now any hanging bridge you gave me, no problem. My first climb to outdoor was in Taiwan. You don't feel like you're climbing that high up. You find that all the scenery is all nice. I was really fortunate I have put friends around that climbs with me, so I brought my mom along. Now they go on holidays, they go without me. When I hang out with her friends, I don't think I am any older than them. You can do it. I can do it also. Yeah One thing I learned from Mante Dolly is I have a towel on my harness and Bedrooms that first when I climb so that my feet don't get dirty. I think she becomes socially hunkered. I know not many young ones think that the old ones are worth mixing with. They find they are naggy, but her friends are all very sweet. They are always eager there to help you. I may slowly slowly slow down but I will not give up. In fact I come with two senior climbers. Both are older than me. It's a matter of you stepping out of your comfort zone only. Yeah, I think anyone can climb. I'm 18, but also to support people when they climb. She pushes boundaries. I'm proud of my mother. It's the first time I hear from her. Then she looked up for me. You know,