 For my partner and I to make our living room, what we consider cozy or in our bedroom, like what we consider cozy, it's very nice. Like before going to bed, I used to look at her, now I look at the corner that I... But I look at her in the morning, huh? Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. And we are back for another episode of T- Talks. Yay! And we are here to talk about housing because we are all first-time house owners. Okay, maybe you all can say your type housing, you know, maybe your marital status, I can start. So my name is Pefang and then I am then the eight this year. At that's not married yet. I am getting off that in Jouong is in five years time in 20-d98. I'm Ben, I'm 22 this year, I'm married and I have a resale flat in Pongo. Yeah, I just moved in like two months ago. Bella 35, I stay in a private condo, it's a studio apartment, so it's pretty small. Swimming Pooh. Yeah, like two dogs. Hi, my name is Ewing. I'm 30 this year. I'm recently engaged. My video is in Tampanese. Yeah. Yeah, Tampanese. Yeah, Tampanese. in Okay so we're gonna play this game called like would you rather last so there are certain like options here so would you rather a spend less for a less ideal location or would you be pay more for an ideal location? Okay so who is a? Yay! Is the worst this? Maybe they did really spend less compared to us. Okay, so you all say you'll pay less for less ideal location. So what do you offer goal in your choice? Not choosing. T Barrow over trunks. I was like at the time I hit before seeing the price. I was like Tung Barrow because like Tungaro carries to eat. It does all move, you also move. No, but there's just like a greater proportion of like good food in that area. And then the estate got also looks very nice and all, like very true, but I can't think. But my situation is not ideal. It's just that I don't earn that much for me to afford that location So I need to like prioritize on whatever I can afford that so I decided to go for like drawing is instead because I Because I think drawing it is like, there's a lot of like shopping malls and like a lot of amenities there or so. But you like was location an issue and issue? So actually my location is quite ideal really because I think when my partner I were discussing, we kind of wanted either but to a dampenice, we liked thempenies now, but we forgot a lot of things because for us we weren't expecting to get a flat during the exercise but we did and when when it was our turn to choose a flat we didn't have high floor options left so I mean as much as we wanted to also stay like 30 floor that kind of right we don't have a choice la. So that's one thing that we have to forego. Yeah all those are things that unfortunately I can't choose but my is quite healthy, la for me to think about. So I don't feel anxious thinking, oh my goodness, like, I need to pay so much. Yeah, I think for me, location is one of the primary considerations. Your location costs how much? Okay, not bongo per se, but like within the estate I wanted something that was more accessible and had like facilities or amenities nearby. What's important for you? I think commute to work for one. I think that was the main thing that my father and I were looking at. Yeah, different space that I like to commute to work is further. But that's really safe on cost. And then you also stay near your parents. Correct. Yeah. So I stay within just nice within the 4 KM radius so I managed to get the proximity housing grant as well. Yeah, so I think I was just like within 100 meters I buy a stone ready, the stone won't get the ground. Okay, so it's... Okay, so since you'll say you'll pay less for a less ideal location, I don't know like how much did your house cost, like roughly? Mine was about 320K for a four-room flat. Nice, nice. That's a good number. Yeah, that's enough. Around, it's similar to your cost 370 plus yeah I'm quite embarrassed when I hear all the retail prices so mine's resale right so I pay about close to half a million there but for a forum no but then you get off like faster so yeah you don't have the way it's true I mean you move in already but they still we think we are still in the waiting, you know. You just see the model, then like happy and happy. Then for an IDS, five years later, see you. Like, hi. I don't think I can't have to like commit that and like you just see the model I don't know. When you think about the cost you can commit it. Thanks. So what about the cost for you? Okay so I got like here 300 here 500 then I didn't see a nowah. I'm like am I stupid for doing this? Because you all have partners. I bought this like as a single. So my place for studio apartment which is like them tiny is 700, 700 key. When I hear all of your amounts it's like, oh my god, like more than double. I can buy two BTOs, no. Two's four go on. I think I should make more friends in the East. All right, it can move here, change your video. No, no, no. Then I'll invite you all to the West or so. I think people won't go up. Okay, you can try. Let me know in five years I've put you on Michael. Oh, yeah, my house will meet you. If you're two friends in five years, type. Okay. Would you rather, A, buy a resell flat or private property to move in earlier, or B, buy a BTO and move in later? I'm sorry, I need a real hand. I'm speaking for but yeah you cannot register. Okay who is a I'm half half a I cannot make a break here why half a I mean I bought a retail because I wanted the convenience of being able to move in now, right? But at the same time, I see the benefits of having a big deal whereby you get something at the subsidize rate. you do have to wait but it saves you a lot of money in the long run as well. My spouse and I have been renting for a couple of years really so we are very used to having our own space. You know, I love living with my friends and I appreciate them for all that, but I also really like having my own space so I don't think it's something that I can go back to. So I think we would still go for a resale. Actually I think that's quite a great point because a lot of couples want that freedom also like for us for me and my partner sometimes you will we'll just like randomly chat about things and we were thinking about how nice it is if we had our own space. Like now, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, so the situation around me getting my video was that it was a decision that we we didn't expect to make because it wasn't a very ideal unit law for her and she really like the dream home she envisioned wasn't like facing a car park on the fourth floor. Yeah, so why did your partner decide to like keep the flat? Okay, so after discussing for four months, right, I think one finding she just woke up and she's like, you know what, let's just try and make this home the best home we can. Then even if we don't like getting down the road, if like she cannot stand like, you know, the kapak noises or whatever, we will just find a new place to live. Like, it's not like we have to commit to something at this point in our life. It's the idea that you make your dream home, not that the dream home is given to you. So, Pefang, would you rent before you get your video? I haven't really thought that question, yeah. So, like, you think just now, just now when you're talking about it, I was like thinking at the bell on my head like, well, should I run and on? Because a lot of people have asked me and so, and they are like, five years, you will be like 30 plus like in that time ready, then how to start family, blah blah blah, I can't think you're too over there. Then I'm like, I'm like, thanks for the reminder. I know it at all like I don't know like maybe an alternative is too similar to Jung's case is my boyfriend will just come over and like be with me. I mean I haven't like brought up that topic and all because it's not something that we are considering at that moment. You also have one proposed yeah. Yellow. Right. How can? Where's your proposal? Where's your proposal? Okay, so I haven't even like talked to him like... So I think for Bella, she mentioned just now that she needs to pay 700K, right? Like in a lump, not really a lump sum. Yeah, so you don't have the 700K, but yeah. Yeah, correct. So for us, like at least we get like the the EHSG grant enhanced housing grant So basically it's a grant given by HDB for you to offset some of the costs of financing the house like I mean your house costs like 700 key right so how do you afford it? I can't afford it. I wonder too. I think it's a commitment that you decided on, right? So there will be certain life changes. Like previously I always thought of, you know, every few years I would live a year overseas. But now with a house, then you have to ask yourself, you know, can you afford it? Or like, I must always have a job. But definitely like having such a big financial commitment is, It's huge. Like, then just got to make adjustments to my lifestyle law. I can sell Disney plus subscription. No, like, just really just take note of like every single month. I like now I have a table of like all my expenditure and all the loans I have to pay and then I feel like a lot of people don't, I mean the people I know at least why I didn't think about that until they committed to a housing option. Like for example, they will be like, oh yeah, I can afford it. But then when they go for the housing option that they want, then they realize, oh now I have to like change a lot to my life if you haven't gotten a house. It's a good idea to start thinking about all these things first like I wish I thought about that more because you are planner. No no she's up my partner is a planner I wasn't yeah because if she didn't kick start the whole process of like let's plan our finances right I would have been a lot more anxious about my house. So the idea that, that you know, we have to sit down and think about, okay, if you want to afford this, should our life look like, or what should our lifestyle be like. Can I already for the last one? Yes. Did that look very long so pay function? Slowly digest and tell us. I digest first up. Would you rather is buy your dream house as your first home and stay there in the long run or be buy a... or this camera can be ugly, but or be buy a starter home and upgrade at a later time. What, a starter home, like Minecraft, yeah. I think this is a a for me at the moment. Okay, buy your dream house and stay in the long run. My current situation is a A for me. Okay. But is that what you have chose? I thought your dream house is the young girl, please. That's dream A1. Then this is dream A2. So still dream house. Still can consider dream house, yeah. Happy for you. Yeah. I mean, okay, Deng Baru is dream A1 because of the location. Location is ideal. Yeah, but, Jouong is is A2 because the location is not as ideal as young as Peru but the height is great yes yes so it's still considered dream yeah that's my definition so why then then? Why would you, like, this is starter and not the thing? I mean, cause is a big thing, like, like, for example, her dream home, I say, is a conduit, right, but given our current finances, it's a bit hard for us to look at a condo and be like I want to buy it. My dream home is as long as it's nice and it has a very nice kitchen I'm happy with it but unfortunately that also means there are a lot of condos right because the kitchen is very small right. Yeah so we do have to like we are opposed and consular yeah but happy wife happy life. She won't come to try to get it. She should say it for you. Your home is when my baby is, that's home. Correct. My dream home is where my wife is. Where my little wife is? Trying to go. Boyfriend of the year. I can't take it. And I think the bonus of having a video that a lot of people don't necessarily think about is the fact that like waiting is a matter of thing. Waiting means that you have time to build up your finances, you have time to progress in your career to a more stable place so that when you actually get the house you don't feel anxious about a lot of things. Okay or Ben you just recently moved in so was it very exciting like seeing everything done up like how you planned it to be. Yes like it's nice to be able to finally decorate and like make something your own or like you know everyone has a different idea of cozy so for us like for my partner and I to make our living room what we consider cozy or in our bedroom like what we consider cozy is very nice like like before going to bed, I used to look at her. Now I look at the corner that I need. But I look at her in the morning. So as first time house owners, like why you're most excited about it. I don't think I have a payphone plan. Why do you think? I haven't really think about it. I think I was excited to host my first house party. Hey! I'm very excited also about that. This one's real. No, excited about it. No, that one. Then after that, when it's so nice, really, right, then it'll invite people to your house. invite people over and I don't know create memories in that house. Good fight is good. Good fight. It's nice to have friends over. It's true. Ben him very well. Just saying. rental house. He said he just unbate only. He to go on the cover also so takes up time and give some time. Oh yeah correct, sorry you have been busy. Tell you. So I think like a lot of people definitely would want to get some advice if they can, you know, on the whole process of being a first-time householder. So what's the most important advice that will actually give to people who are looking to get their first place. I think being a first-time homeowner can be quite daunting to a lot of people and sometimes in the process of getting the house you might feel like you know you'll never get what you want. What's more important is that as long as you learn how to manage the good to have's, the must have right, you will still eventually get a nice place, a place that you can call your own. Yeah, actually the ideal home that you have in your head is really just a concept, right? You know, they... Yeah, it's like if it fulfils your mother, then I think it's good enough. Yeah, the idea home is at the home. Yeah, the idea home is just a place for us to host house parties. I just want to add on those home, so like everyone has different opinions about like what an idea home is, right? Like Like for example we have three isties and one we're still alright. Then every time I cannot diss like my house is like how why the rest are very good made a location. At the end of the day, I'll be like, no, I like my current home. Like, it is the, it is like a pretty good location for me, and like there are a lot of like good things that come along with it. Now I'll be just like, I'm happy alone, you can see whatever you want. I'll leave that to five years later, you'll make your own decision from that. Wow, I'm quite convinced now, I to the experience of the West. I hope it has been great listening to the experience of the West one disappointed. I hope it has been great listening to the experience of like different types of homeowners. If you have any questions you can leave it in the comment section and I hope you enjoy this episode. Thank you. Thank you. Bye.