 My friends and I were having a couple of drinks and my friend just said, look how charcoal you use. I said, I use Japanese soap. He said, hey bro, burning hot? That was very pretentious. I think that was the best name we got so we just stuck with it. Hi my name is Jeremy, I'm the owner of Bernie Oak and I will be operating about four to five years now. Burningilk we are a Domburi place which is rice and meat on top. So what we really specialize in is chagoo meat. We use only Japanese charcoal and wood charcoal to grill all our items. We are selling quite a lot of upscale things in such an environment. We actually started with skewers. Now we have only one skewer which was a short-wipped skewerler. The idea was conceived when I was walking in the streets of Japan with my parents. We saw this place owned by a Japanese and he knew his guest. He knew exactly what they wanted when they came in and I wanted to create something similar here. When we first started it was challenging. A lot of people were very skeptical about this place. Waste of my money. We prepared to close out. We serviced out service our things I think a lot of motivation comes intrinsically where we see that we can produce results that nobody thought that we could take what you think is constructive from this heating and apply effectively to yourself. Ultimately, it's a hidden gem to them. It's like a surprise find in such an area. The charcoal itself, when it burns, it burns at a higher temperature. So everything is nicely shared and the smoking flavor is different. A lot of people say this is a taste of earlier times. I found out that I liked cooking when I was 14. It was difficult to come out as someone that wants to pursue this. My parents and I explored the option of growing to a culinary program. For me, I was pretty certain that I was going to follow this path on the way. I guess I knew what I wanted to do since I was working. Every hocker there's a story. And it's just what happens that I'm younger. Young people should pave the way for other younger people to let them see that actually is doable. I encourage more young people to explore the option of being a hocker, to push boundaries of what a new age hocker center could be, because there's a lot of emphasis on younger generations being a full entrepreneur. I want to be a farmer like for real for real for real for someone that really likes to cook I think it's important for me to get in touch with the produce, the livestock, the whole chain that I'm not currently exposed to. It gives a deeper sense of appreciation of people who are actually doing this and learn to treasure the ingredients more. I think really that's the ultimate goal, you know, just to, you know, raise some chickens, eat some cows, and water some plants. and what does on Earth? you