 We'll therefore refine the processing of work pass application for EP. Currently, in processing EP applications, we assess only the individual related criteria, their qualification, their experience, their salary. Going forward, we'll also be looking at three additional factors. They are company related. So not just individual related criteria, but also company related. And the assessment will be carried by carried by Tafat, Trapartite Alliance for Fair and Progressive Employment Practices. First assessment, how strong is the Singaporean call in this company today? Majority of the companies, as I mentioned earlier, in the same industry, have healthy Singaporean core, but there are outliers significantly weaker than the industry norms. Second assessment, with a weak Singaporean call today, do they have any firm commitment to nurture and strengthen the Singaporean call for the future. Thirdly, and finally, in consultation with relevant economic agencies, we assess how relevance this double-wick company with Singapore with commitment to nurture Singaporean core, how relevant are this double-wick company to our economy and society? If they are not here, how much will we be affected? And if the answer is not much, then they are what we call the triple week company. Weak in Singapore, weak commitment at the same time, weak economic linkage and social impact. Mr. Patrick Day has shared his concern regarding these triple B companies which are our targets for courses scrutiny. At Tafat's recommendation they will replace on our watch list, not because we are anti-foroner, but because their behaviour has led to the deepening of local foreign divide in our Singapore workforce. If left unchecked, the sentiment of two-third versus one-third will continue to grow, it will weaken the unity, the creation, and I think eventually the overall competitiveness of Singapore. Now for those trippweek companies with no progress make, at the recognition of tough ads, their work-passed privileges can be suspended. Renewable existing EPs, processing of new EPs application will be affected. Curtilement of what must be believed were serious consequences on their continued operations and growth in Singapore. So we hope they will take corrective actions, move out of the triple week lease, don't just grow their business here by three Singaporeans fairly too and help build a stronger Singaporean coal in their companies and industries. you