 The girl was asking the father why the guy is so short. The usual questions, the kid will ask out of curiosity. This is where you know me here on the street. Yes. It's good that kids are asking us. It shows that they are observant and the observations are pretty good. I found out about my condition when I was about four to five and I realized my classmates, their body proportion were different from me like My legs and my hands were shorter. My head was bigger. They started to mock at me in terms of why your head is so big. It did kind of really really disturb me. Why can't I lead a normal life? That's my hate, um, affect you. Like, why, why comment? Why they question and stuff? One of the biggest struggles I face every day is not able to reach things of a certain height that a normal person can do. So for example at home I will have to use a stool to reach something that is higher than me like but also it trains me to find creative ways to overcome my problems. People just out of curiosity ask whether it's my parents born like that. That's why I'm like that. I don't blame them for asking because I'm more than happy to share knowledge of things that they may not be fully aware of. What's up? Number one. No. No. Can I guess? Five. This is a nay. The growing stages is much lower. I always started to walk at the age of four. I always blame my condition for affecting my learning abilities. I have to work harder than anyone else. It affected my level of confidence to achieve certain goals. The change happened when I found my passion in photography, when I was graciously accepted in a firm school. The lecturers, they sent me for who I am and no special treatment is given to me. I do not want to be treated specially anymore. I have been pursuing Philadelphia as a passion because I found joy in capturing beautiful moments of people. Plus the joy of Hoover to someone else that they feel even motivated after a long week of work. I feel encouraged. Even though sometimes they don't say it, but you know that you have done your part. Even through a photo or through a conversation through a word. I have gone through a lot since it comes off going in my childhood heads. I don't want others to feel the same. I feel that the people who are born with this very good condition through plaza are being shelved away. There has not been spoken about. Kansas was my purpose and motivation to come up and to share about this condition. One thing I will tell my younger self is to not allow other people's comments feedback affect me, take the step forward to understand myself better, and to have the confidence in myself.