 I think like last year somebody did it with me like hi can you tell something your photos are on like in similar like Srina Selma group kind of thing yeah I said I definitely screenshots so that but I said no there no screenshots, but I can see in the link to join. But it was a very suspiciously long link and I said you have to import your phone number. I said, why? Why? They caused also a million face. Yeah, you're familiar face. Exactly. But we have a new guess like many. Well, exciting. Well, come. We're going to talk a lot about scams today and how susceptible we are to scams? Have you guys fallen or have any encounter with scams before? I've never really had a scam, but I think maybe my closest interaction was that I had some credit card and debit card related fraud. So basically I was overseas and then I don't prompted me to decide to check my credit card statement which I checked me like once every month or so right. And then I saw like thousand plus plus plus did after my credit card I checked my debit card and for some reason like a few other thousands deducted so I caught them and they were like canceled all your cards we were like return you, just like, file your claims and whatever. So yeah, so scary. But you got your money back. I did, I think the probably the scariest part was that I didn't know where it came from or like what was the source of life. Like you don't know how they got the numbers. Correct. Correct. Correct. Because I mean, usually you use your phone for everything nowadays, right? Like you link your cuts to your phone and then you use your phones to like buy things from like shops. You scan, hear scan there. So I think maybe it's through that, but like there's really no way to verify, right? So, right. Yeah, I know I've seen like recent posts about people who download apps and then those like apps in turn track your bank movements or something like yeah so I've rescued now oh my gosh I better go and look at my step in the show at my same morning. Yeah, it's okay, I just like, okay, I saw it, I got money to eat it. Speaking of like the skinning cue, I think, there was this case. I don't know if you saw on the news. Ice. Yeah, basically this like 60 year woman. She saw an ad of this fear code that was like scan for like free bubble tea. So she scanned it and she woke up in the morning I think $20,000 was taken from her bank account but it's exactly what Wendy said right for bubble tea in one night because yellow like the software access to like a bank account details I would have followed it really I've downloaded many things for free. Like what? Like what? Okay, so far there's been no scams, but if a shop tells me just download this at or just feeling this away for a free drink or free tompings at my 40 storey store and done everything. Allegedly, like the woman who scanned the cure code for the free bubble tea, even though it was at the bubble tea shop, the bubble tea shop said it wasn't by them. She didn't even get a free bubble tea. She loves antique! So, auntie! Apparently, what I read that you can do in order to protect yourself, right, is you are downloading it at you need make sure that you are downloading from like the proper app store which is like Apple app store and Google Play store make sure you check that the developer details are real. And then if you had a really downloaded app, what I need to do is to turn your phone to airplane mode, turn off Wi-Fi and then run and anti-scam application just to make sure like everything is good. You should also check whether you have any unauthorized bank transactions that has been done through another device. Yeah, I hear now that the banks are actually rolling out this new measure to lock a certain amount that you have digitally like in a like a vault almost so it can't be digitally transferred out but if you want to like transfer money you have to probably go in person like to an ATM or like a branch to like kind of like do that big Do yourself yeah do that big transfer. So like then have you ever felt fell for any or encounter any like fishing scams? I think like last year somebody damn hi, can you tell something, your photos are on, like, similar, like, Eshina Selma group kind of thing. Yeah, and obviously, I was so scared. Yeah, and even if you don't send any explicit pictures to people you don't take it in general You know I mean, I can see it added or something right? Oh, does this fear like um did somebody record me in a changing room? I said I definitely screenshots because the particular is the first thing you would do right? Yeah, so the person said no, there's no screenshots, but I can see in the link to join. And I said, oh yes please, I thought it would be like maybe what's a good could chair or the kind of things, but it was a very suspiciously long link with no, with not a common domain name or its kind of thing. So I was like, went in, I said, you have to input your phone number. I was like, why? Yeah. Why isn't this just a telegram group chat? Why? Like, it's still a difficult to check, right? Yeah. I bought the tree. Now it was like a bit suspicious already. So I said, it didn't work. He said, you have to put a real number. I was like, how do you know what I didn't? You're so creepy. Yeah, I was like, okay, this is very suspicious. I asked around, I posted on my screen, sorry, I saw a lot of people came and said, like, it's a scam, don't fall for it. What is happening? It's interesting though, though, like how they take the weak spot and then they attack the... You know, where you're vulnerable and then they just... Oh my gosh. It's so common for these things to happen in terms of like spreading pictures around, around you know so girls always have that lingering fear it's so scary and to exploit it it's just very evil yeah the message itself was crafted in a very friendly and personal way. Like, hi, there's a, there's pictures of you going around, this very important crew, check your messages, kind of thing. So I said, okay, the conversations flowed very personal. Like it was really somebody talking to me. Well, no, these are I tell you, like scams not only evolve with like technology, but like what you said, like how they prey on people's vulnerabilities and emotions as well to kind of like get money out of them. Basically someone approached this person to say that they have a job offer. They're from Job Street. And then they asked the person to give a sum of money with promise, like, returns. You know, I think, heard of this. Yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah this case actually happened to my actual friend oh like I have a very close friend of mine that went through this it exact it sounds exactly the same so it'slegram. Yeah, it's telegram like a conversation kind of thing. She was quite skeptical initially, but once she transferred, right, and then she saw the returns, and there's this trust building basis that you go through right and once you realize it actually the money quite easy to earn so you would dare to invest a little more she continued to invest continue to give until one day the return didn't come back. Yeah, so that was when it got really bad and they didn't get back to her and that was when she realized, oh my god, this is a scam Because this is it. I just got scam. Because it's 20K. Yeah, it boils up to 20K. It's a lot of money. She didn't. 20K on, all they can do is make a police report about it. Yeah. Damn tell you like, do you feel that you will fall for something like that? Oh, we are blaming yourselves if you do. I was going to say I think previous yeah I used to think like I know only old people for scam I don't like I think increasingly use the scam tactics the rice, the human touch. I don't want to say that I would never. I think there's a high possibility that it might happen. I hear that there's some ways that you can prevent these drop scams, which is basically if a company approaches you, you should do background research on the company. Also, don't pay to secure a job offer. Because I think it's a bit weird. Don't fall for this like too good to be true. Like You do something small and then you get a quick buck and don't give out your personal details like your phone number yeah so I think that's how you kind of at least like these you can just think of these steps right yeah indicated it yeah this is up Shoe. The Fox icon, right? You've used me before. Oh, I have it on my phone. I'll basically just install it once and you set it up once. Then it prevents scammers from calling you in the first place. Oh, yeah, it's really annoying. In store now. Installing. Right. Scared. Talking about Glenis, just now you're saying that this sharing your stories online helps to normalize composition I was watching the top and then I saw a video of this girl was talking about how she got sc by this like rental, Facebook marketplace rental posting. So basically what happened was that she saw posting on Facebook and then she contacted the agent because she was interested in viewing. So the agent was like, okay, I know available for you to come not today. But I'm not free. So I get my PA to bring you. So I was like, okay, I'm sure I was. So she went with the PA to go and see the house. Like an actual person. Oh my gosh. Very cool. The actual house. Okay. You, they said, oh yeah, right now is okay, she went right, it's not bad. She said, okay, I pushed my lap. Asked for like, just like, like fee, then the agent back cookie. Yeah, can, can, can, no problem, no problem. No fine. No fine. Then she was like, mmm, okay, me, Sass, they started to like, oh yeah, can quickly sign, you know, like if you're lucky today, then we sign it today, which is really like, usually it doesn't really happen that way. Yeah, you need some discussion, correct, and there's a bit of like bad fall. what she did was that she went to ask one of her friends who's a real estate agent depository repository of like agent numbers to see if the agent is real is real in the end couldn't find it's just like it's a scam so in the end inside and she got away yeah but dang. That's high level. Speaking of shopping online, it was on Instagram, scrolling, and then this ad came up for a moon lamp. Basically, a lamp ship like a moon. Okay. It's like, you're like, I would like, yeah. It's like, oh, so like, and change color and all that, right? Oh, I was like, oh my god, it looks so nice. Yeah! I have been like, oh my god, I want to buy. One week, Lita, I think I was checking. Now, I didn't realize, like, no, like news about my lamp coming, right? Then I went to find the, I took my side, I got a receipt or something, but I remember where I bought the thing from. So I went to search online, like this website, and it didn't exist. Then, um... But do you like check for a review? No, I didn't. I didn't. I just like, moonneb. I have to have it. I have to have this one. What if I can't tell? My house and jail. I was like, oh my God, okay, I went to check my bank on account to see if there was like any other transactions, but I mean, don't have like, it was just that one limb that was deducted. Then I was like, oh damn. Thank God, it was just like that one like item. Yeah, so if you shop online or any, on any like e-commerce website, please remember to check reviews and I think you save payment methods. Yeah, don't be like, don't be an impulsive, yeah, I think reviews are nowadays, I've. Nowadays I've been a lot refused to see like... I mean, okay, hearing all the stories shed today realize that everyone of us has kind of, you know, actually, except for you. You know, obviously I look scammable, but I am very diligent in checking things. I think out of everything that we've shared today, it really pays to be safe rather than sorry. And apparently there's like three tips to not fall for a scam or to prevent yourself from putting such educational episode. Yeah, it is. It's um act the acronym aCT. Act yeah one is a a is ad scam shield at a huge huge huge ad. Oh, it's a scam. Your favorite ad. Your favorite. Yeah. And then C is to check for scam signs with official sources. So I know like, you know, sometimes like, you receive news like about, okay, there's this kind of scam going around or like the bank to tell you like, this kind of scam going on. Don't fall for it. Yeah. So just check with official sources for these news. Maybe like Google just to verify. Yeah. Game sign. So the last one is to tell the authorities, your friends and families about these scam encounters. Yeah, so don't keep it yourself. Yeah, basically whatever issue, you've been doing it very well. You've been acting exemplary. Yeah, so this has like what, Adele said this has been a very educational episode of Tew Darlum, quite a bit, lots of lots. And we'll see you guys on the next episode. To your next one. Bye! I almost dabbed.