 When they were done, they opened the door and like, hey! Oh my God! Hi I'm Sam. Hi I'm Hafis. Hello I'm Charles. Hi I'm here and this is Zula. Shitha! What is that? There's a chicken. Oh. Hi guys, welcome to this episode of chick chat. And in today's episode, we're going to be talking about staying in hall in university. So which unit were you from and which hall were you guys I was from NUS. I was from NTU at Hotel. I was from NOUF. I was in NUS. I am in NUS. I am in NUS. I am in NUS, and I lived in KRR and in house. So for me I stayed in residential college, so it's somewhat like a whole but it's a new town. Yeah, they have their own program in I think so. Yeah, that's where all the nerds are at. Fair? But the nerds are cool, the nerds are real cool. So moving on, let's talk about your own personal health experience, so what, like, do you have any, like, stories to share about, like, movies, or stories in the hall. I stayed in the double room. So for empty, I think it's good because you can actually choose your women before going. So, thankfully, I chose like my friend and we asked your friends up. So that's a good thing. That's a lot. Because having a roommate, right? Your dynamic with them completely changes. It's test the friendship. There are stories of people who who stop being friends in the room. For my first two years I stayed at a roommate and then in my remaining time in the hall I stayed in the room. So you like single or double better? I enjoy staying in the double room because I always said a room bed and it didn't get a lonely one. On the other hand, a single room is great also because things can go my way easier. Like in terms of the clean up, in terms of excess to my room. Excess to my room. Yeah so you know you know yeah. I feel like there's some hidden message behind all these. I lived in Cambridge for one year, year one, year two, seven, one, and then when I did NOC, that was year two, two, seven, one, and then when I did NOC, that your two and two and that was when I stayed in PGP I lived in a single room because they only have single rooms and then in the evening when the sun just shines through my windows. Wow, that's nice. Is it there? Super nice. And then I had all these fake flowers. I stuck them around my big frame. So like it was just the dreamiest room I ever had. I think for me I had the best of both walls, like which is a single room, but also I mean the company of other people because I stay in the sleep that has like a shared common area but you cannot choose your sleepmates. Yeah so you just hang sway whether you get good roommates or not. For my first year the room is actually with all seniors so we'll just like high buy but I was very lucky when I was here too. All people that I could click with. So, there's still my closest friend's up now, and then I feel like them were exchanged, that's who I still keep in contact with. Do you have any juicy roommate gossip stories to share? I know of this couple that always appears in my friend's IG story. There will be something that will be outside the door. So they will be having a good five minutes before they going to the roof. Oh no, but actually they're doing it on there, right? Like the same into other, like, HDBs, right? So if you're on the top floor of this RC you can look down into the lower floor of another RC people don't realize that and then they live here blinds open so my friend was like guys I looked at my window and I just saw this couple having a second. I was like, what? And then he was like, everybody's talking about it in the chat and it's damn bad. Because like, how do you tell them or so what, right? Let's just be aware and close your lines. This is a very important rule. I didn't see anything with my own eyes, but that's what I heard. I think the walls are quite thin. So when people study too hard, you know, sometimes they can be hurt. When they're not in war, they think they're hot. They're hot. Damn hot. I get what you mean by thin walls. It was my friend's room. I walked past her door and then I heard like, oh my goodness! Oh my goodness! Hold on! You gotta put my ear on! Then I... I stood with my door open, and I leaned against the door frame like that wait for them. Oh no! I don't have a little wait. This girl had to prepare. Then when they were done they opened the way it works in halls, at least for NUS, is that if you want to stay on you need to accumulate points. And to accumulate points you need I'm not particularly proud about it because I feel like Hall was a great way to pick up new things and new skills which I didn't get to experience for myself because I was very busy talking beyond school so I couldn't really accumulate points but because I spent a lot of time on blockmates they helped me to stay on for the next semester. So I think for our sake we have the same things, but we call them like interest groups, at least in the most of the groups that I think my friend started was T Freedom, which is the LGBTQ Plus group. There's a bunch of the LGBTQ plus group that supports a lot of the LGBTQ plus people in the hall itself in the pursuit itself. That's something that I feel makes the most a little bit different yeah in terms of like what we offer. I spend a lot of time in any way, dance, so like the club, the annual club itself. The biggest thing I did was to take by how a dance. At the start of the year, there would be a dance competition. We all hosted a country together. So that was really fun. And also, I think Hall is a very good place, actually, to try something you never tried before. In terms of commitments and goals, I joined as a group leader for orientation camp. I was also in the whole committee. Something I like about and you is we have this thing called IHSG. So it's in the whole games. And they are like a lot of different kind of sports and like a very occasional activity What is your biggest culture shop when you enter? Oh for a whole that's like a shit century, right? And then that's where you realize some people are super gross. They have Michael with oven and there are stories of people who use the oven and like to try some salt. Eww! If you stay in the older horse, please don't use the Michael ever. Something even though the urino is quite higher. Sometimes it's like, you can't. I don't know how it got there. I think the biggest culture shot for me right was the batheing culture especially at the start of the semester. Then they are just always like you want to go out to drinks you want to drink in my room. Even though it is strictly bent and people get into so much trouble and they started to clamp down very strongly towards the end of my horse day. Oh, also the sex culture. So I heard of how there are watchets chats in home that are just for hookups. It's a rumor. Nobody has actually seen the chair. Oh, you have? Anyway. Oh, okay! I need so far. I have not seen the chair, but, you know, little birdies that have a tonus about these things. Given the peer pressure, if people are on you, are doing things that you don't believe in, don't do it. Just be your own person. I don't know about a new, but I know like in the US, like if something happens, I want the whole whole whole body like the next day, that kind of thing? Just be aware of like your actions off. Yeah. What is your biggest takeaway from staying in Hall? I think although there's a lot of weird stories about Hall and things that's going on, I still really enjoy my stay, because it really gives me a chance to learn how to live for my own. And another big big thing to be is definitely the friends that I've made, because there are people who have seen you at your worst, there are people who can just really look at the door and then go inside to the top if you feel down or anything. I think the biggest stay away from me will also be my friends. These are the people who have been there for you. like because they are so accessible at the same time. They are also very like, I would say very like-minded, like in a way. Independence is one of the biggest takeaways that you're going to get, because for the first time in my life I had a place to call my own and everything that was within this little space right belong to me and it felt so good it inspired me to want to work towards that again, to someday be able to look at the place and see that I own this place. The biggest favorite for me is that staying in RC or even Holright made my whole unique experience a lot easier. Yeah, because I had something to go back to all of them after like a very long day of classes and like friends who can kind of empathize to what I'm going to. And also, second thing, I think it's a lot about taking initiative and learning how to start up your own projects and leave your own projects in the hall. Yeah, because a lot of times you don't have the opportunity to do that outside. So last question will be any advice to the fellow people who are entering hall in August. I think anything that's what I mentioned in the fourth stage with yourself. But I think still going inside for a very open mind. Because there's a lot of new experiences you can try, new things you can make. So I think it's going to be a very exciting time nonetheless. To completely agree with whatever you say, remember to have fun though. Yeah because like some people they just go they just like have fault to just study or like it's a place for them to rest after school or not but they sometimes forget about the fun aspect of unity like well you're having fun I feel like the fun element can people might overemphasize on that sometimes as well? So like those who get very into all the activities and it might become very overwhelming for you and just find your support system, know who you can rely on and who you can talk through all your struggles with and you will help you a lot through your new journey. Think my biggest advice is prioritize it because there's something a lot of people don't realize because you know that whole triangle everyone like you want to study sleep and social life then people always choose to study and social life and then they don't like enough time for themselves. I think that is something very important. Don't lose yourself in whole. Parentizing your own mental health is too heavy a great life, right? Yeah. Today we talked about whole culture and we learned that as long as you stay true to yourself you're going to enjoy everything and your new experiences. So if you guys like this video remember to leave a comment down below and also let us know what else to talk about next time. And don't forget too, like share and subscribe. Bye!