 I was thought that I'm being ignorant like every time they tried with moderate hearing loss I didn't ask myself a lot. Is this the end of my career? And why is able to work in the world like you need to look after a cancer patient? After I informed my nurse manager about my cheering loss, she was also worried initially, but she was always there for me. She was telling me why not you give it a try and perform it with sharing it this, maybe things would get better. Feels out of kindness, like, she's giving a chance, like, for me to pursue my passion. When I was younger I actually want to be a nurse because I was brought up by my single mother. So whenever I've witnessed my mom fall sick when I was younger, I feel so helpless, I didn't know what to do. So at the part of that, I keep telling my mom I promise and I'm like, you know what, I'm going to be a nurse one day so that whenever it feel sick right that I know what to do next. Because of my promise to my mom that keeps me going. As a new hearing aid user you tend to hear all the background noises that you haven't be here for the fast-train videos. Sometimes the hospital environment can be very loud. I'll be scanning and there's a beep sound. At the same time there's another beep sound from the boiler call and the phone call at the same time. Yeah it's very overwhelming. Like I can hear all kinds of sounds like all come together. So far from my experience my patients will not even know that I have hearing issues until I actually told them. So it doesn't affect my performance and skills. Most of them cannot see unless you are right beside me. Because it's just a transparent doing hanging around my ear. Yeah, I got it done. Especially for cancer patients, after receiving the chemotherapy, they will be born to fall. So it's very important for nurses like us to have a good sharing skills. We have to be very alert. So far so good. Yeah, I you know, the map, you know, it's time, you can do it, huh? The matter how many times I've seen my vision pass on due to a cancer, you will never be prepared when you love on diagnosed with cancer. And last year my mom actually diagnosed with sick fall cancer. The doctor declared that she has to be impenitive like feel as comfortable as possible before the end of life. Yeah, so because of that I actually went back to Malaysia just to look after my mom being a full-time caregiver. It's scary to go through the process by herself. She said that if I'm not around she would have died in a hospital instead of at home, which is something that she didn't want to. I was able to take out of her until her last day. I slept with her until her last break. Because her last work to me was, I feel safe with you. I took up power, some ship and some way. to provide like the best utmost comfort care for those same situation as my mom. you you you