 It came as kind of a blind sight for me because I was let go from like my job at midnight of the Singapore time. I was locked out of everything. Yeah. On theley, this episode one of us will get rejected. Stay tuned to the end of the episode too. See who gets fired. No, just kidding. No, no, no, no. How do I deal with rejections? No. What? Are you rejected me? And my question? My first experience with rejection, I will always remember, I was 16, 16, and I plucked out on my car with courage to like call this guy to ask him up for prom and he said no not like I think I'm the best person out there, but yeah, I was like a, yeah, I thought we were pretty good friends. What are you to say? Yeah, if you're out there watching, like, this person, you... Yeah, you said no to when you said hello, hello. So I don't necessarily feel a lot from my work rejections. But for the 2021, it came as kind of a blind sight for me because I was let go from my job and I'm just like I have a zoom call schedule and then like I entered a zoom call like okay cool what's like this about and then it's like so you have 15 days left and your 15 days notice starts now and you are just not right fit for the company and we felt that it's better this way and you don't have to work the next 15 days your work stops today. You just straightaway the day? Yeah. So I asked, so I said, so why, like you know, is there something I can do or is that something I was like, why wasn't doing? All he said was just, you're not a right fit for the company. Like, am I such a bad person, like, that you have to cut me off now? And it's not even I work the next like notice, you know? It's like now and gone. You're gone. I was super sad that night when it happened because at midnight of the Singapore time I was locked out of everything already. Yeah. On the day, so. Yeah, the day, so I was like, it didn't even mind, I was like, what did you, that offend you, did I? Like, why is it so like um cut like so yeah cut through it okay I also cut through it in cold yeah anyway so I felt super sad that day because I think I was like wondering like okay so am I just not cut out to do this kind of work yeah I mean keep background in context it's a program managing. I also keep the only thing has to do project managing. But what is the more creative aspect. Then I wasn't so well-versed in like content creating and videos and all that so then it's like I've no experience there. Then like the yeah, it's kind of like your security is just gone. Then would you say they are right when they see a not a good fit there? So after that, yes. I mean, like, thinking about it, yeah, I do feel like, okay, if I would have pushed the state, then yes, like, it would just be me trying to, like, put it up a friend to work in a place where I don't feel the most passionate in. Right. So in that sense that what rejection sort of like was something good because it let you do find a place that you would feel passionate for. I mean after that I talked to a friend and then after talking to that friend I kind of, you know, that friend, I kind of, okay, he, that friend is now my partner, but anyways, just saying like, okay, because I have a faith, right, so man's rejection is God's direction. So kind of of like you may feel like you are rejected in this one area and like you feel like all is lost, but it might actually be an opening to another place that you can go and like a different direction you can go to. Sometime we might be forced to find that silver lining ourselves in order to make the process much more purposeful and enjoyable. Like for example I always wanted to be a nurse. Can I tell right? Yeah. Yeah, I always wanted to be a nurse. So I applied for nursing so many times and I got rejected so many times. I even get so many people to help me write recommendation letter, you know, like my, the, across Singapore, my form form teacher everyone I know to write saying that I will make a goodness I even went to see the MP. Wow. Yeah. That's how much you want. Yeah. say no like no reasoning. Oh they didn't, they didn't even give any reason, it's just straight up on the computer system. In a way I say it's a, it's, there's a silver lining because through the years after the rejection and everything, it allowed me to find passion in other areas that I never thought I had like community services It's because I didn't get to the same right that's why I got myself involved in so many voluntary work So the desire to help people is still there? Yeah, the desire to help people is still there and I'm like, oh actually I can help people through this way too. It's not too bad. I'm glad I didn't get accepted because if I did right I don't think I'll be sitting here right I don't think I'll be sitting here renting about like I'm going to the same yeah I guess because I did really face a huge, huge work rejections or career rejections because like I was on a scholarship, so it really dictated the path that I was going to take. I was going to be in MOE for minimum four years because of the contract. So when I left that job and then traveled and then came back to do a mad career change. I realized that at 30 right I've never written a CV before. And I didn't even have a LinkedIn page because I as a teacher you don't need LinkedIn. And sometimes I feel like rejections help you to grow, you know, help you to put yourself out there more, have that confidence because you face that rejection. And so it was very very scary for me and I was just like yeah I wrote a quite a convincing cover letter something with each is just a number. Oh, it's so cute! No, no. But like, did anyone respond? I mean, it was, yes, it was. See, see, see, it works. Would you know what would have happened to you if you if your scholarship was rejected? Oh, I mean I wouldn't have like a nice answer to it but I was like no like come from Kenya. Okay. Okay, yeah. It's really great on me that for us really like I think I can get it. And if I don't get it then find other scholarship because my mom told me like I need to find my own university education so that was really talked to me like when I was in J.C. so that I cannot have I cannot afford to fail yeah but not to say I don't pay rejection, on a daily basis, because of what we do as video journalists, we need to find profiles, we need to pitch our ideas to our bosses. It it's a daily thing. Profos are going to say no. And then there's no civil lining. It's just no. I have no other option. Like find another story, find another profile and you know one like that's your best profile that rejected you but you have no choice but to just deal with it so I think yeah in cases when there's no silver lining then you just need to accept and move on or just have the skin, no. Yeah, like, I mean, like, girl rightly said, the sticks are different for everybody. Yeah. But I think one thing that was said to me that like really helps in dealing with rejection and I'm moving on a way is like the worst thing that can happen is they say no. It's true. And then the best thing they can make is to get something out of it. Yeah. So I think when we're talking about this is it still feels quite like millennial concerns. Yeah we don't have to raise our kids or anything. Whereas for people if they have family and then they face rejection, right? It's, the sticks are a lot bigger. Yeah. Yeah. I mean we definitely do have like more options, like given the kind of circumstances that we're in like it's really a soft privilege. I think in life you always have a lot of, you know always go through a lot of nose and I don't deny you of I was still feel sad yeah like if I don't continue it would just I'll still say yeah I said oh yeah I don't need to experience another like come, a teetops part too. Yeah, but I think it's just a perspective switch for me, like at least personally, my my own life in my mind I turn around and like it's like no not you no thank you to me but it's like no I want to thank you for saying that no no no No. Okay. Hi Bella this is an ad slot from NAC. Please present as if you are teaching a class. Okay okay everybody wake up listen before we continue we would like to thank the National Arts Council for supporting this video and showing us how there's a silver lining behind every rejection. If you're also feeling bogged down by work, why not take a setback and slow down to appreciate live and yet? Enjoy a collaborative performance by the Lauren Boys and Luke Chung from Triple 5 Meatbox and NEC's latest that ads can inspire your everyday campaign. You can also check out the NEC website for more of such performances. Okay now back to the video. Pay attention, yeah? You'll feel like rejection is what is the worst or other things? If you ask me like maybe two years ago I would have said yes because my life was like really about work at that time yeah yeah but you ask me now no la. What's worse? What's worse? Apply for video, get rejected. Oh! That is... That sucks. Two-story. How about it? You look at the email for his even, you're just like, I don't think what rejection is my, now like, it is a big thing for me at home my current boyfriend that if you if this ever I'll feel dense I will not not, I'll be single for the regular life. Yeah. You hear that? Yeah. Well, actually, that's true, I can't think of my answer. I was like, why in my fiance, what just this? Yeah, they're like, yeah, I can't oh yeah you know she said she was a bit too old you know like You go ahead and get busy on yourself. No, okay, no. I wonder, that's why I'm doing like, well, yeah, I think, relationship. Emotional, yeah, okay. You all like anything else that you'll learn from today's session? That sounds so formal. Do you all have any new insights after coming? Yeah, right now, reflection, now, hundred words. I feel like it's way of like affirmation hearing the way that like other people have like dealt with rejection sort of gives new perspective and it feels nicer to know that like other people are going to the same thing if you face workplace rejection, I've got more juicy stories, I've got more juicy story to tell us tell us tell us in the comment section or if you have advice for us yeah workplace or love You can also add a comment. Do the next one!