 I think being unwanted is a thing that I shall go with like my whole life. You have both parents, though I, your adoptive parents aren't showing you enough love and attention. So it feels like you that since birth and at home. Growing up I used to get into disagreements with my parents. However as I grew older I learned that parent-child relationships are not easy to navigate. On this episode, I can ask me, I speak to Dewey, who at two years old, found out she was adopted by her parents. Okay, the first question is, how did you find out you were adopted? I remember I was doing a solo, I was like, okay, in my memory, right, I remember like, my dining table, I remember I was like, okay, in my memory, I remember like a dining table. I remember I was so short, like a dining table was like, over here. You know, just sitting there, and then like my grandma, when my mom was in the midst of a conversation, they're like, they talk about me being adopted, they're not always like, huh? Wait, I was adopted, then my mom was just kind of like, yeah. But I think it was only when I grew up, I grew up, I grew up, I realized, actually everyone's mother is their real mother, then I'm the only one with the, what, thick mother, it's a very, very weird feeling. The thing is I still see her as my mother because I still call her mommy and everything right. But it's like when I see other people's parents do something for their kids and she don't do it right. I think now a problem with my head will be able to like process it. I don't want them to see me the way I saw my mom because one that once that top registers right anytime my mom like treats me badly or anytime I feel a sense of unfairness right or we directed to the fact that oh I'm a doctor. Next one. Ooh. Did you feel unwanted? Um, of course men. I think being unwanted is a thing that I struggle with like my whole life, right? Because like, in my head, especially as a kid there was immature um a buff parents do are you your adoptive parents aren't showing you enough love and attention so it feels like you unwanted. Since wealth and at home, it always feels like I have to overcompensate. Yeah, so I think that's the reason why I'm so like quite loud. I feel like I have to be able to make people laugh. I mean, I love to make people laugh, but like, sometimes also feels like I have to, to, you know, have just sense of validation like, hey, okay, I like this girl, I want her to be my friend, that kind of thing. Yeah, I remember I had this one go, a friend that I was very close to at the point of time. Her mom came to pick her up. And then their relationship was very like very close. They were almost like best friends. Now I was like, oh shit. Now I got very jealous. Yeah, I never remember, crying in the car. Do you think like those emotions after you were a lot now? Oh no! I feel like your childhood will still always like how you say how new no matter what. And especially in class, like, I really struggle with the whole like adoption and being unwanted thing for like so long. In my head, I'll school it would be like if you can't raise a kid don't give birth to me and like put me in this world with this bunch of stupid parents especially my mom mum, right? It's like, if you don't even show me that you love me, there's like, why are you scolding me and treating me like that? And that's why we had a very, very, bad relationship. I felt really lonely. I felt... It was in secondary school, right? I thought myself, you know what? I think I'm alone in this world, and I think only I can get what I want in life. I think that was like the mean idea I'm feeling like feeling that I felt like drop my teenage years. My son did the technical people right I would feel like I'm losing control again. So I still struggle with it. Like everyday. Would you look for your biological parents? I would say no now, because I don't really have time for that, because like if I find them, I know I don't know how I feel if I actually mean that I think it will be a mix of emotions. But I feel like eventually as life go by, I feel like it will be one of my life missions to really just meet who gave birth to me who made me like for example sometimes I can be very emotional sometimes I can be a bit too angry. Someone's myself, do I get these traits from my birth parents? So I've always wanted to like get them, get to know them as a person right? And see if there are any similarities between me and them and actually yeah I should know I think about that I would love to get a no less a person see how they are but now at this point, why do you speak anything? I think the person is angry, right? It's not weird. It's the child that inside of me. But it's like, if I think as present me who is a bit more mature as combat the back then right I don't feel angry it's just so curious but I can always feel this like anger inside of me like deep deep deep deep down I think a foreclosure for the younger me who are so angry at her buff mom but foreclosure we closed you for her. I don't need closure. I am good. My thing she does. Yeah. What does family mean to you? I feel I'm on the episode of Bali. Okay, no one in my family is biologically related to each other. My brother is adopted. But then I think to me now, family is, I think it just beyond blood law. I think that makes us more of a family actually, if you really think about it. Because there are families out there that are related but they don't even treat each other like family. I feel like pregnant ladies, they have nine months to register that okay they have a kid inside of them. My mom didn't have that. It's just like here's a kid, take care of it, love it, disappeared and I think my mom's quite like now I understand that like she's super strong and amazing for being able to do that back then back then. I didn't understand that. I remember like one day I just got so drunk. I jumped my own mom. I said, Mommy, I'm so sorry I was so ungrateful I should have been more grateful. I realized that if I start being grateful right maybe I'll be happier and it worked. Right now I feel like when I think about my future, it always involves my parents and my family. Like last time it was really selfish. It was just me and my future. But eventually I hope I'll be really selfish. It was just me and my future. But eventually I hope I'll be rich enough, right? So my father can retire. Because I always feel like my father worked very hard. I want you to be able to retire at the age where he can still go out, go play golf. He used to enjoy life with my mom. Yeah, that's a dream. Yeah. Would you adopt children in the future? Yes, a big yes. I love kids. That's one. I still think that adoption is as beautiful as a thing as Pardonncy is. But then I think I will try to conceive first. If I give birth, right, the kid will be the first person I know or have met that is like biologically related to me. Yeah, I think I'll feel like I'm not alone anymore and I think it'll be the best feeling in the world because I... The younger me would say I finally have a family. Is there anything you would like to tell your adoptive parents? Oh, shan't. Um... Oh shit. Give me a moment. Thank you for giving me a chance to. Giving me a chance to live, giving me a chance to live life and giving me the potential to be great at life. I think even though we went through a lot, I think it really made me the person that I am today. I mean yeah, there are things that they could have suddenly done better for sure, but no one taught them to be parents and I think that I never did their pass so yeah I think I owe it to them for bringing me up. People can give off the kids, but the way is a kid, right? I think it's hard. They are more often than there are parents, which says a lot. Yeah, because not everyone can be a parent. I hope you enjoyed this episode of Kennana's May. I hope that this episode allowed you to reflect on the old relationship with your parents as well. If you enjoyed this video, don't forget to subscribe and hit the notification button. Thank you for watching.