 People ask me a lot, why don't I just go and become like this super high-fat lawyer and then donate a lot of money to refugees? It's not like my dream was always to wear hulkars, to sell coffee at a hulkar center. I didn't even drink coffee. The only reason I did this was to create likely hopes for refugees in Thailand. Usually I have to get to the Depposheau bara 7 plus 730 liters. I gotta pick up all the ingredients that Amoy needs for the day, like their bread, their coffee beans, and load it into the car and then drive it out to Amoy. If I see like this on the way I'll be like, oh, today slowly, you'll wonder like if there'll be any customer at all that counting. Kieh. Hello! This is our logo. For every cup that you drink your coffee, 50 cents is going to the refugee who did the artwork on this card. It's actually just black and white when it's printed in Thailand. Then it sends directly to these refugees who we are working with. They color in, every single one of our card will be unique because there's actually color by someone different. We try to commission enough stickers every month so 300 stickers every month works out to 3,000 but and that is the average price of rent in after Bangkok. Actually before I started Marosta I didn't drink coffee like I was a lawyer and all of my lawyer friends who pulled on I thirst they would drink coffee I'm hoping that Merrister creates like a machine that converts the existing consumerism in Singapore into meaningful livelihoods for refugees. I don't want it to always just be aid and donations that are sustaining them. No one wants to cure up for three hours or no one wants to go there and have to prove how poor thing they are to get the bag of rice. Why can't they just get a bag of rice? There's dignity in earning your own living and being able to look after your family yourself. Hi. Thank you so much. People ask me like why refugees percivically, right? I think there was a time in my life where I really needed help and I needed someone to speak up for me and to fight for me because I was too weak to do it for myself. And that period of time I also heard a lot about refugees. It resonated a lot with me like why they're going through because no one would believe their story, no one would help them, and that's why I want to help. I realized that for a lot of them, they don't have the legal right to work. The more pressing need was pavement, buy food for their children, and I felt that it would be more useful for me to focus my attention on livelihoods and that's how I ended I was married with the... Everything okay yeah. I go pay the phone back and forth. Bye bye! take around six to eight hours. I mean sometimes I think about it, maybe you just buy from like wholesaler, you know, like deli France, you just be like second seller. But I think it will affect because we us very known for all this stuff so I think my dad knows so much so he will just be like all the seasons. Whereas for me, I will like stress every like whenever it's down I just feel like oh my gosh no. My normal life last time. Every lunch I would go to the gym which cost me like I think maybe 200 a month right? After my my dream, I'll go and buy this $7.00 child last day. And I've been like, well, all day, seven bucks is crazy. But I will still do it every single day. Yeah, sometimes people ask me if I miss my old job, right? I do miss being an employee. If anyone is an employee, stay a employee, don't become an employer. Because I've never experienced living so close to the margin before us. Mentally, you're under a lot more uncertainty and that feeling of not knowing if you can cover this mental stress is what the refugees that I work with go through every day of their life. I think one of the reasons that I continued even though it was a pretty hard time was okay we're supporting 11 refugees if I have to feel like this every day, this like mental stress. I can't imagine 11 people have to feel like that without our programs. The only reason I'm still here is because I feel like there's a bigger purpose to really shop. The more cops we sell, the more refugees we can onboard to our program. Every cup methods, every cup is literally like someone is behind the artwork on your cup and it's their life that you're like helping on.