 I don't know how we display our own science of aggression. I'm Leah and this is Zula Chitchets. Okay so in today's episode of Chichts, we will be talking about boy school culture. Okay, before we start, please tell us which school you guys are from. Okay, so I was from, uh, reference institution from the same one to second for today was my boy not boy I was my boy school period I was from St. Michael's Primary School now known as St. Joseph's Junior and then after I went on to Tom O'Shay I went to St. Stephen's for Primary School and then I went to St. Patrick School for six, four years in secondary school. Yeah. So, I was not from a boy school, but I was from CHIG. Talking about the experiences that you guys had going to a boy school. Happy's maybe you can start off with you. You know why? Because you came from a co-est school first and then you went into a boy school. So how is that like for you? Okay, for me like it was quite a game changer because back in my school I was I was still very shy well I remember some girls like used to bully me last time. Yeah they did it so I was eating food and then they took my phone and ran away and I couldn't eat. So when I went to secondary school, it was all boys then like I didn't have girls to like disturb me or like wouldn't eat me. Care, refers like to brothers, maybe when you think of it like you would think like well you just be like a bunch of people who just want to start with but yeah like the friends that I mixed with were mostly quite rowdy like then like yeah maybe that's why I'm like this now but it was an interesting change for you guys this is similar experience like the school very roundy and because it's what I think of voice school. We would get up to a lot of nonsense like you know like play brings on teachers each other we'll find like you go through like the highs in those altogether yeah so I don't know if it's like a thing for mixed schools where there are girls but as in for an old boy school we used to get like public hitting every day like not everybody like those that mean. I'm like one or two. Do you have any cases of like bullying in school? I was the bully. Okay. I didn't consider bullying. Essentially it was just my girlfriends. We didn't consider bullying. Essentially, it was just my real friends. We didn't bully anyone. I don't know, I think it's a big group thing. I just like, I think this guy looks funny or something. Yeah, I'll tell my friends. The guy's, you know, these guys, he's,, right? He's degree, 1,000 degrees. Right, okay, okay. Then everybody will rush to this person, right? Then we can't, oh this feeling? It's a bullying! It's a bullying! Okay, la but I understand why I try to say it is just making fun, they're not, but then, I mean, 10 minutes speaking, it is bullying, like, I guess, 5. Yeah, I think at the time we all like boys and like childish. Yeah. We like didn't know better though. Yeah. I think for me and my girlfriend is very similar to what give is just. Oh, okay, okay. What, what, what? So it's just the dynamics of a group. When something funny happens, so when someone says something funny, then we'll just like, attack the person. Yeah, and the person can still be one of our friends. Is it very normal that a fight is too? In my school? Mine is like every day there was a fight. So the most F A one right and this was like a police case. Oh my god. There was this through friends, though, they were having a conversation during recess. And then his friend apparently said that he got married and he was not up, that he took his fault and his story. So really? Yeah, yeah, shit. So he became known as like your Fox Denver. The favorite goal was sitting to be hit. Yeah, yeah. Then the favorite hospital, right? I've only had like four dogs on the head. Yeah. The brain of the phone. I'm sorry. What the fuck? What the fuck? What's the fault? So like, what's bread naturally then our principal told us during like the assembly said if there are news reporters outside the school please don't talk to anybody but everyone's for a little bit. Oh my god! They all have like, um, crushes on like female teachers. Definitely. Yeah. Very normal for me. Okay. Especially because from all boys school, right? There are no females around except the teachers. Yeah. Because I see these teachers all the time I end. Well, they carry themselves in a similar way. That makes me a little bit more attracted to characters like that in other girls. Crushes? I wouldn't say like a series, oh my god, ma'am. I love you. Ma'am, ma'am. Oh my god, he just ma'am? Yeah, I knew. I was like, I know, they know how they just, when they thought, they'd walk down the road, then he put his elbow at the corner of the desk then went her butt like grazed his elbow right then he said he hid you with him then she's like sorry, sorry, but actually he was like didn't attention to me. Actually, it's sexual harassment and it was like a bounty. So there was one time there was this really a really teacher. The class she had to really first a very rowdy class and basically like they took off their shirts and it started doing this around her. Oh my god. I'll be terrified if I was in her position. I don't know if it's like sexual or what's there in that case. I think like especially now if it's in a 2019 context right it's definitely sexual harassment. I have 10 years ago it was still sexual harassment. It was like decency. Not that it was overlooked. Yeah. It was... I guess it was over looked over looked over. So, is there any like between the boys' school? Or do you all have a particular perceived notion of any other school? Do you like this school? You don't like this school? That kind of thing. I think for me, for our boys, because like I think our top right will be cat high voice okay because firstly we are within the same facility every time we see I look at high boy or what I don't know how we display like our own science of aggression. Maybe we take up a textbook. We in your business work. Yeah, I like, wait, something about, you know, I think how you're supposed, I think think also because like they don't have long pants. And once you reach sector, that is something that we always like internally, like you start down on a bummer, like, well, it's so little, really still, and just a little bit, but it's all just like mindless bent, amongst ourselves. Sometimes when I see our voice, I think these people just take our uniform, but then put our arab at shit. Oh my god, are you not saying ready for all, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh god, the same uniform, what? I think like for seven pets, right? Like we honestly did not give two shits the academic ranking like but for some reason I don't know why we always dislike as ji yeah like we always felt like ji or like the the nerdier and cool version of us. Yeah. Eventually we outgo that lot because after we're like brother school. Do you mention something about like what the Sam Pet Boy is Who Go to don't know where to see the Casey girls? What was that you say? Yeah so basically after school every day right there were a few like hot spots where Sam Boys would go to to like look at SEC girls or like KC girls. So we always would go to like SEC Max or Paperie or like the Marine Parade, the market era. SGI, the nearest school to us are literally like far like far in meters down is SCGS. What I've heard is that some of the younger boys used to walk over the SCGS and they try and pick inside. But I think the SGS didn't give a damn about us. Most of the time if you're not wrong you'd be the SGS girls with the ACS guys. Go see the RGS girls or not. Okay it's funny as it is. The hotspot for me, for my friends are So what they would do is have study sessions love to school. We move on to maybe talking about Islamic sections or assumption people have about boys school boys. Yeah and then actually one of them was because I did the episode on a go school culture right and then everybody said oh all girls make kind of thing. Is it the opposite for guys today? People have something like all of your other gay. I think there's definitely like a percentage in some pets, like, but we always use make fun of as like the gay year school. I don't know why. Maybe because of the stuff that we do together when we are in school, we would strip someone down to his underwear in class, right? Like, right after class ends, and then just give him his leg below no no no no but isn't he's our friend okay maybe there's five people call us yeah like we know we have not I think maybe it stems from like how close we are as like bros yeah so like we still over each other's house like the each other's ears. One of the things that some asked me to ask was that boys go boys are homophobic then because people went all these comments as well. I think in 10th place it's really quite tell that there was this guy who posted on his blog that he went on a date with a guy from another school that was like a Saturday or something where he posted it. Then after the weekend, he came back on the Monday, right? Everyone just started like shouting at him, like, hey, gee, gee, they're like, we were able to throw these things at him. They just walked down the corridor, but he wasn't like a factor. I want to say every recess like that. They said we had to really eat that because they were hungry, right? I wasn't more the soccer click. Is the best the soccer school? Yeah, it's the soccer school. Yeah, it is. So you know, for like playing soccer. So now this perception, right, is that boys school boys are very rich. My perception is that like all boys school for example like ECS or St Andrews are the rich ones. Okay yeah then Semper like no la. I think for alright maybe because like is the branding loss. The image of an array boy that they portray or they like to push out is someone who's very proper. So like my come across is coming from a rich family or wealthy background like even though like there are people who are very rich and stuff but I think at the end of the day like they didn't really like use this to look down on other people. I don't know why people see that. Because I don't know about now. But back then, there was this program called something about welfare assistance for the more underprivileged kids. No doubt I have to say that some of us come from an above average household even in school right they teachers to be independent of our parents especially in terms of like finances so as much as I came from a from an above average household right I was actually some some dog. I was living like day to day on the dollars and mother giving me. Maybe because we are in independent school. The more wealthier parents are more willing to spend a little bit more money to send that child to, I guess, an all-girls or an all-boy school. People are still boy school boys out, like, very more elite. I think it would be a lot from, like, the R because RI is also a very elite school. I think the idea of that it would be both as a person, because of what school you come from, and also the kind of friends you mix with. For me I couldn't really experience any of these like a pretentious Nietzsche or the elitist mindset. All the perceptions are like are critter by our parents generation. Then they just like pass down to us, you know? Then that's what you think. Looking back at your younger self, do you have any advice for yourself or advice for people who are currently in a boy school. Don't take out your clothes if you're not teachers. I think for a boy school at least, like sometimes you might get too carried away in terms of like having too much fun with your friends. But I think you still have to take note of like how important like academics actually is also it's not something that you can just like throw away a lot. But instead use your dynamics as a broad scourper to encourage each other or push each other. And that's really the influence that we have from one another. I would say it's very very strong. It's good to send a candy for maybe an hour and just like, just dog shit, because this is how boy school boys bond. If I have kids in the future, I would still send them to like, same pets, it's a don't out send them to IG like yeah because I think the culture is very unique I think it's good to take away or so like that you know no matter what's going to go to it's like you just work hard and be yourself, make good friends. And that's great, don't discriminate based on your school. Okay, so we've got to say, if you've concluded, this episode, chick chess, talking about boy school culture. And if you guys are from boy school and you feel like you want to add on to any of the comments that the cars have mentioned feel free to leave in the comments down below and also let us know what else to talk about next time and then don't forget to like share and subscribe. Bye! Bye!