 One of the hard things that I had to do is I had no idea how to change the diaper. I had to learn that all by myself. At a point I was just focused on how do I keep this baby alive. Hello. Hello. Nice to meet you. Hi, I'm China. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. How are you? China. I'm Alista. Nice to meet you. Like, how old were you when you found out that you were pregnant? I was 17 years old when I found out I was pregnant. I was still in school also. 17 so you were in body yeah do you still remember the moment when you found out yes I remember I was in my roommate's bathroom. I was already living alone by the time I found out I was pregnant. And then I took the test and I caught her in and I was just telling her like, and then we just look at it at the same time and we were just freaking out. How do you tell your parents that you were expecting? So I did that first with my stepfather and he broke down crying. He actually blamed himself. He said that if he stayed for the family or like if he had been a better father and I just I don't know how to feel because I've never seen him vulnerable. This is like an Asian dead crying and it was just like a rare sight and even though we're not blood related, he's always out there looking for me all the time. So when I booked a news to my mom, that was ugly. That was the... I mean my biological parents literally talk about stoning someone, you know, like, the all religious texts about stoning someone to death and you're like, or you're living in scene and you were forcing me to marry this guy and at that part of time I knew this guy was abusive and I knew for a fact that this marriage will never walk out. But I went along anyway because it got really ugly to a point where they threatened my stepfather's like work, his job and I didn't want him to suffer. So I got married at 17. Even though I was married, I was basically a single mom because I was doing things on my own financially. I was the main caregiver for my daughter as well. So everything was just on me. How did you manage to find the courage to leave your toxic marriage? I've always had that one. It was just more of like the right time and I wasn't 21 back then so a lot of the laws were not on my side especially it's like I couldn't rent a place I would have to live in a shelter if if I didn't get married and all that so the minute I turned to anyone, I just did it. I felt for divorce and then there's no looking back. Has the thought of abortion ever like cross your mind? When I found out it was positive, I was like, I wanted her and I, I mean, I've also had friends who choose the other option and I don't judge them for it, you know, it's like, whatever works best for your life, but for me, it's like, and the part of time I was going through so much things and I thought like life wasn't worth you know worth it yet so when I had when I saw that line I was just I had something else to live for. How was the nine months, like, like, from the day you found out all the way? The whole nine months was not easy. I still continued school, so I went to school pregnant. I remember they had to like actually put me in a separate room because I was really due for birth and I still had to take exams. Oh my God. So yeah, I went to school with my big ass, belly and then like, I was working six jobs, so freelance, and then I also did like a telecom. And I was taking up a lot of odd jobs basically just to kind of like me and me the whole motivating like factor for it was like I want my daughter to be proud of me like oh my god that's my mom my mom did that yeah and if I can do that she can do better you know that kind of thing I want I want my daughter to be able to feel like that. What was the hardest part about being a mom at 17 like when you were so young? At the point I was just focused on how do I keep this baby alive like I check on her every single hour and I was just, you know, I feel like I suck. I'm failing all the time. It's like sleepless nights regardless whether I was was feeding her or not, because even when I'm not feeding her, I'm like checking on her, like I used to breathing. Maybe that's like mom anxiety or something, like a new mom's anxiety. I wasn't really focused on my diet, I was just trying to be a mom. For me, like I was raised by a single parent as well. And growing up, seeing my mother, raised all of us by herself, it was really a lot for someone who was in her mid-40s. I cannot imagine what it's like for someone in their late teens. I don't know how I dealt with it because at 17 all I did was I kept myself busy and that's such bad if you kind of look at me because I didn't give myself space to feel. I did eventually feel burned out after that and it was kind of ugly. I do remember asking my mom the same thing and she was also like I don't know how I did this yeah and I think as moms is like when you have a baby, you just have the sense of courage. I mean, not all moms are perfect, I understand that, but it's like they do everything for their baby. I have a rush of feelings right now. I don't know. I was just like, because I kind of saw all of this in real time happen. When I was about nine years old, I actually saw my mom have a stroke and it was from all the stress of managing like my family, like my family together. How were you able to, I think eventually make room for love for yourself? So when you say make room for love, it's always about loving yourself. And then when your daughter sees that in you, she'll do it for herself. There was one time I had this conversation with my best friend. I was worried that, you know, why she grows up and she ends up like me and she said, why is that a bad thing? I don't really know how to answer this because if I were to say like, oh, I don't have to end up like me, it's like shaming myself as well. For me, it's like I always tell myself that my love is good at my fears and that's where you find courage and that's how your daughter is going to have also. So I mean I understand you're also a single mom and you're doing everything on your own. Do you wish like you had more help like someone to like let you have a break? I do have like the thing but then like when you take a break then you would think about your child. So in the end like I had to go back with my child. So mom guilt. Yeah, kind of mom guilt, you know? I get what you mean. Yeah. But I mean, personally, it's like I've been through the whole mom guilt thing. You should, like like don't care about mom because I mean I know it's really hard yeah you need to put yourself first because it's like you'll go crazy and you don't want to lose yourself when you're taking care of your kids right. What do you do to make you happy? What I do cook, bake, Yeah. I love to cook. Oh! Yes. What was your current like dreams and aspirations before you became a mom? Um, F-F. I was actually working under F&B. Oh, okay. Yeah, so I love like in that sector, you know, get to meet people, so you get to go. Maybe one day? Make it as a FMB like home business. Then like another thing will be like maybe social work. Social work. Okay. Do you not have enough crazy in your life? I was like that's the last day ever. After I became a mom. It's like no. I do feel like also the stereotype of single teen mom just I feel like people tend to categorize these sort of people as very very promiscuous very careless have you ever had these sort of encounters before? Oh, all the time. I'm telling you, like, when I was single, I had guys telling me, like, oh, you're just good, do. You're just good. Yeah, you're just good to, you're just, you're just good, yeah, you're just good for a, for a night. They were like saying, oh, you're at the bottom of the, of the chain, you're literally a single teen Malay mom, and you're like saying no one's gonna ever marry you. But you know, it's like everyone has a different starting line, and single moms might be at the back, because everyone else is at the front. And it's not a race. It's just a journey. So I really don't care about what they want to say about whether I'm promiscuous or not. It's like as long as I continue to improve myself, I continue to help the people around me and the people who also has gone through the same thing as me, I did my part. What's your daughter's name? My daughter's name is Amelia. She's four years old. So, like, was she what got you through, like, the toughest days, like like even up till now. Can I be honest? I mean I love my baby but sometimes they are the reason for your tough days. But yeah, the thing that got me through is like, I would, this me sound like so self-absorbed but it was me.'s like you're probably passing mental health take a break and then you're back yeah so it's like she is my main motivation and drive but like day to day when it gets hard it's like you need time to kind of relax and take your mind off. I have a loan time yeah I mean after everything that you went through with like Amelia, do you still want more kids? I eventually did find love. I met my husband now. He is like, he has to be the best of the best. Because I'm really, I'm traumatized so my expectation is always there. He exceeded all of it and he's like Shrek. Do you watch Shrek? Yeah! I love Shrek. Okay. Like, okay, he's grumpy as hell, but he's really like... You came to the right person. I know, I don't know. Like, looks wise. Looks wise. He looks like straight. No, no, no. Looks wise. He's a bad. But like, person, now, they, no. Looks like he's a pet, but personality is trag, okay? Shh. And yeah, he's been very supportive. He's, I was emotional and he was always trying to be present and there for me all the time. Yeah. And he's not afraid to change diapers. I mean, I know, again, they're minimum. But he's really putting himself out there. Like, he's really like putting in a lot, a lot of effort. Yeah, so I have another son now, he's four months old. He's since Michael. And Amelia has been a very protective sister. Like literally would smack you if you'd take her brother away. So cute. I don't know about the cute part, but she will like literally look at you up to up down just so yeah are you worthy of my brother? Yeah she's very protective like that. Was there any difficulty in introducing her to like your new partner at the beginning? Usually she don't like people, but when I first like introduced my then boyfriend to her, no husband, she immediately warmed up. She was, yeah. When she was around him, she was just, I don't know, she feels very safe to just be herself. I mean, it was on her own initiative to call her papa. Yeah, after we started dating a few months. Currently, my dad is trying to talk to me. He's not been in my life for about 15 years. So, you know, he'll occasionally send me messages asking me how I am, but I normally ignore them. Would you want your daughter to maintain a relationship with her birth father? That for now, when she's too young to make a decision for herself, I would step in and tell her not now. Definitely I do not want her to maintain a relationship with her until she's old enough and I'm confident that she can make good decisions on her own. If the father still wants to kind of have that relationship with her, he's got to learn how to love that girl. Yeah. Because you left that little girl. So now you have to wait until she's old enough for her to be able to stand up on her own and make her own choices. Again, it's my daughter's choice. I wouldn't want to enforce that on her, but at least for this age, it's like, I need to make the right choices for her. Yeah. Oh, what's your daughter's name? Roosevelt. It's a bell. It's a nice name. It's like a princess name. I even gave the middle name, like Jay. Oh, because she's precious as a German. So cute. Yeah. What's the best for our big mom? Best bad being a mom. Being before. Seeing her growth just yesterday. Like the teacher just called me up for a first teacher meeting and she was like telling me, you know it was a well, she's very loving and caring. Her friend for now, she just hugged. So it's like, I felt very very happy with her. Yeah. Yeah. Do you feel the most happiest when you're with your kid? Yes. most of the time. It's like, it's happy and then stress and then happy. I mean, the best thing that I really love to do with her is just listening to her thought and I just love to see how her tiny brain just works. You know, it's just like the different phases of their growth, it's just like every part of it is great. It's like they grow up so far, it's like one month later you have a whole new different kid and you just have to fall in love with that kid all over again. So I'm just enjoying every version of them that they are becoming for now. Are you happy now? Definitely, I mean, I've been through health and back and I've always been happy. It was just like how you look at it I guess. I find happiness with it in myself and I hope my kids will do that for them as well. Oh my god, so cute. This is the cutest age ever. Hey guys, thanks so much for watching this episode of strangers meet and if you like to see, comment down below. Bye! Shrek is... See, I have been that traumatized that I look at Shrek as a... As a... I mean, he loves Fiona. So like, so like, so like, so like, you know. So basically that kind of sorry. Yeah.