 Your bones are brittle, you should not climb. A lot of people will tell you at 67 it's dangerous. When I reached the top I have lots of claps and then they will... Then I'll tell them, shh! Almost every gym that I go they know I'm Auntie Dolly. I don't mind that because I think Auntie is a stater of wisdom. When I was in my early 50s, I was having a back problem. She saw me doing stretching. And then she said, since you're stretching, why don't you go and stretch on the wall? She taught me the way to climb. Very fierce. Very fierce. Very fierce. Anything wrong on it? Not that late not to look down I looked up. I was worried like my mom might fall like scrape her wrist, hit the head. I think that was my worst fear. But when she got a sudden height, I'm like, okay, pay me one million dollars before I let you down. Yeah, then if I don't finish, you won't let me down. When you reach the top, you find that you have accomplished something. I learned to be more confident and until now I don't have back eggs. It also overcomes my height phobia. Right now any hanging bridge you give me, no problem. My first climb to outdoor was in Taiwan. You don't feel like you're climbing that high up. You find that, oh, the scenery is all nice. I was very fortunate. I have good friends around that climbs with me. So I brought my mom along. Now they go on holidays, they go without me. When I hang out or climb with her friends, I don't think I am any older than the... You can do it. I can do it also. Yeah One thing I learned from Auntie Dolly is I have a towel on my harness and Bedroom stappers when I climb so that my feet don't get dirty. I think she becomes socially younger. I know not many young ones think that the old ones are worth mixing with. They find they're naggy. But her friends are all very sweet. They are always eager there to help you. I may slowly, slowly slow down, but I will not give up. In fact, I come with two senior climbers. Both are older than me. It's a matter of you stepping out of your comfort zone only. Yeah, I think anyone can climb. I'm 18 and if I can climb, anyone can climb. She doesn't look to crush the hardest route, but also to like support people when they climb. She pushes boundary. I'm proud of my mother. It's the first time I hear from her. That she looked out to me. you