 So every time after smoking I will always be very happy. Then I'll text like, I really smoke until high. Then they will be like, oh, what? Why, you smoke, smoke, what? Then I was like, no, no weed, I don't worry. I mean, I smoke the meat until I'm really very high, very happy now. Hello I'm Jace and I'm one of the few female feedmasters in Singapore and I smoked meat. I was struggling and debating with myself. If I call myself a smoker, but I do smoke. So that's the only term that I conclude myself as a pitmaster, somebody who knows the equipment well. There was once when I was smoking at home, the meat where I took it out, right, then it was so soft that it slipped and fell off my hand and splatter on the ground. Half of it went into my fish pond. I smoked about 80 to 90 kilos of briskets a week. Risket is actually very tough cut of meat. In the smoking circle, it's kind of like the ultimate goal that everybody wants to reach. Smoking is usually dominated by the males. I have to carry 90 kilo of meats every week. I think it's easier for males with their strength and physical build, but I'm somebody who enjoy doing such things and I feel that women can also do the things that men can do. I don't really have to go gym anymore already. I think so. So when I first started it was at the backyard of my house. Within six months I scaled up into a commercial business. I had like some strangers coming up to me and say that, you know, you are not a F&B train, you are not a chef, like, what makes you think that you can sell your meat. It's also this kind of words that make me motivate and go on further like I want to prove him wrong I also want to prove myself wrong so I will convert my energy into how I can smoke better meats. When I first tumbore upon smoking meats like online reading up people who don't sleep for 20 or hours I was like what's out of these people are they're really crazy yeah then who knows like now I'm part of it so right now it has been 22 hours and the brisket is finally, I think it should be ready. With a lot of time and patience and love, after that when you look at the end result, that's the part that you will wow out yourself and you make everybody around you like wow. And I think that is like the joy of smoking and I really enjoy myself. When I first listed my product on my website and then it was totally sold out in 30 seconds. I realized that you know when you set your mind on to something you can just work through it. I believe that the passion, the love you have, the enjoyment that you have, it will always be reflected in the midst. And for me, your heart just feels so full. I think that is really the kind of feeling that I'm looking for in whatever that I do. I mean, not just smoking. Yeah, life is short, I just enjoy. So we must share the happiness and joy with everybody, just like how I share my food. you