 We will therefore refine the processing of work pass application for EP. Currently, in processing EP applications, we assess only the individual-related criteria, their qualification, their experience, their salary. Going forward, we'll also be looking at three additional factors. They are company related. So not just individual criteria, but also company related. And the assessment will be carried by Taffet Alliance for fair and progressive employment practices. First assessment, how strong is a Singaporean call in this company today? Majority of the companies as I mentioned earlier in the same industry, have healthy Singaporean Corps, but they are outliers, significantly weaker than the industry norms. Second assessment, with a weak Singaporean call today, do they have any firm commitment to nurture and strengthen the Singaporean call for the future. Thirdly, and finally, in consultation with relevant eclimate agencies, we will access how relevant this-week company with Singaporean Corps, with commitment to nurture Singaporean-Corps, how relevant are this double-week company to our economy and society. If they are not here, how much will we be affected? And if the answer is not much, then they are what we call the triple-week company. Week in Singaporean call, weak in commitment, at the same time, weak economic linkage and social impact. Mr. Patrick Day has shared his concern regarding these triple week companies which are our targets for coastal scrutiny. At TARFAT's recommendation, they will be placed on our watch list, not because we are anti-foreigner, but because their behavior has added to the deepening of local foreign divide in our Singapore workforce. If left unchecked, the sentiment of two-third versus one-third will continue to grow, it will weaken the unity, the creation, and I think eventually the overall competitiveness of Singapore. Now for those triple week companies with no progress made, add the recommendation of TAFAPA, their work-pass privileges can be suspended. Renewable of existing EPs, processing of new EPS application will be affected. Curtainman of WorkPants' privilege will have serious consequences on theirual operations and growth in Singapore. So we hope they will take corrective actions, move out of the triple week list, don't just grow their business here, but treat Singaporeans fairly too and help build a stronger Singaporean call in their companies and industries. Thank you.