 I think like last year somebody DM in me like, hi can I need to tell something? Your photos are on like a similar like SGNA-Salemag group kind of thing. Yeah, I said like there are any screenshots so the person said nothere's no screenshots, but I can say in the link to join. But it was a very suspiciously long link. And I said, you have to input your phone number. I was like, why? Welcome back to T-Tox and today we have not new guests like Nichols, not so new. I'm a familiar face. Yeah, you're a familiar face. Exactly. But we have a new guest like Lenny. Welcome. Welcome. We're going to talk a lot about scams today and how susceptible we are to scams? Have you guys fallen or have any encounter with scams before? I've never really had a scam, but I think maybe my closest interaction was that I had some like credit card and debit card related fraud. So basically I was overseas and then I don't know what prompted me to decide to check my credit card statement which I checked only like once every month or so right and then I saw like thousand plus plus plus plus deducted on my credit card and then I checked my debit card and for some reason like a few other thousands deducted so I called them and they're like okay immediately you know cancel all your cards we'll like return you the money just like file your claims and whatever. So yeah, so scary. But you got your money back? I did. I think the probably the scariest part was that I didn't know where it came from or like what was the source of like Like you don't know how they got the numbers in the price correct, correct Because I mean usually you use your phone for everything now of this right like you link your cuts to your phone and then you use your phone for everything nowadays, right? Like you link your cards to your phone and then you use your phones to like buy things from like shops. You scan here, scan there. So I think maybe it's through that, but like there's really no way to verify right so right? Yeah, no I've seen like recent posts about people who download apps and then those like apps in turn track your bank movements or something like yeah so I'm very scared now oh my gosh I better go and look at my statement. I never look at my stable one. Yeah, it's okay. I saw it got money to eat right. Speaking of like the scanning QR thing, there was this case, I don't know if y'all saw on the news. I saw basically this 60-year woman, she saw an ad of this QR code that was like scanned for like free bubble tea. So she scanned it and When she woke up in the morning I think $20,000 was taken from her bank account. But it's exactly what Wendy said right. For bubble tea. In one night. Because the software had access to like her bank account details I would have fallen for that Really? The bubble thing? Yeah. I've downloaded many things for free. Like what? Like what? Okay, so far there's been no scams, but if a shop tells me just download this app or just fill in this survey for a free drink or free topings at Bufole tea store and done everything. Allegedly, like the woman who scanned the QR code from the free bubble tea, even though it was at a bumble tea shop, the bubble tea shop said it wasn't by them. She didn't even get a free buber tea shop so it wasn't by them. Oh yeah. She didn't even get a free bubble cheese. She loves 70K. It's what thing. No, no, auntie. So apparently what I read that you can do in to protect yourself, right, is that if you are downloading an app you need make sure that you are downloading from like the proper app stores which is like Apple App Store and Google Play Store make sure you check that the developer details are like real. And then if you had already downloaded the app, what I need to do is to turn your phone to airplane mode, turn off Wi-Fi, and then run an anti-scam application just to make sure like everything is good. You should also check whether you have any unauthorized bank transactions that has been done through another device. Yeah, I hear now that the banks are actually rolling out this new measure to lock a certain amount that you have digitally like in a like a vault almost. So it can't be digitally transferred out but if you want to like transfer money you have to probably go in person like to an ATM or like a branch to like kind of like do it yourself yeah do that big transfer so like then have you ever felt fell for any or encountered any like fishing scams I think like last year somebody DM in me like hi can you tell you something your photos are on like a similar like as G Nasselamark group kind of thing yeah and obviously I was so scared yeah and even if you don't send any explicit pictures to people or you don't take it in general you know I mean. I feel like... Can you edit or something? Yeah, correct. Oh, there's this fear like did somebody record me in a changing room? I said like, do I have any screenshots? Because the first thing you will do, right? Yeah, so the person said, no, there's no screenshots, but I can say you in the link to join. And I said, oh yes, please. I thought it would be like maybe a WhatsApp group chair or this kind of things, but it was a very suspiciously long link with no, with not a common domain name or this kind of thing. So I was like, okay, went in and I said, you have to input your phone number. I was like, why? Yeah. Why? Isn't this just a telegram group chat? Why? Like, it's so difficult to jump. Yeah. Yeah. I pulled one, two, three. Now It's like a bit suspicious already. So I said it didn't work He said you have to put a real number. I was like, how do you know I didn't? Is what I mean? It's so creepy. Yeah, I was like, okay, this is very suspicious. I asked around, I posted on my story, so a lot of people came and said like, it's a scam, don't fall for it, all this kind of thing. It's interesting though, like how they take the weak spot and then they attack it. You know where you're vulnerable and then they just... Oh my gosh. And it's so common for these things to happen in Singapore in terms of like spreading pictures around you know so girls always have that lingering fear is so scary and to exploit it's just very evil yeah the message itself was crafted in a very friendly and personal way like, hi, there's pictures of you going around, this is very important, could you check your messages kind of thing? So it's like, okay, the conversations float very personal. Like it was really somebody talking to me. Dang. Well, now these, I tell you, like, scams not only evolve with like technology, but like what you said, like how they prey on people's vulnerabilities and emotions as well to kind of like get money out of them. Basically someone approached this person to say that they have a job offer they're from Job Street and then they ask the person to give a sum of money with promise like returns you know I think you've heard of this yeah yeah this case actually happened to my actual friend oh like I have a very close friend of mine that went through this it's exact sounds exactly the same so it's true telegram. Yeah, it's telegram like a conversation kind of thing. She was quite skeptical initially, but once she transferred, right, and then she saw the returns and there's this trust building basis that you go through right and once you realize it actually money quite easy to earn so you would dare to invest a little more. She continued to invest, continued to give until one day the return didn't come back. Yeah, so that was when it got really bad and they didn't get back to her. And that was when she realized, oh my god, this is a scam. Because this is it. I just got scam because it's 20K. It boils up to 20K. It's a lot of money. Did they get? She didn't. 20K gone. All they can do is make a police report about it. Yeah. Damn tel. Do you feel that you will fall for something like that? Or will you blame yourselves if you do? I was gonna say, I  think previously I used to think like, ah, I know only old people fall for scam. But no, I think increasingly, with the scam tap tactics, the rice, the human touch. I don't want to say that I would never. I think there's a high possibility that it might happen. I hear that there's some ways that you can prevent these job scams which is basically if a company approaches you you should do background research on the company. Also don't pay to secure a job offer. Yeah because I think it's a bit weird. Don't fall for this like too good to be through true. Like you do something small and then you get a quick buck and don't give out your personal details like your phone number yeah so I think that's how you kind of at least like these you can just think of these steps you can just think of these things yeah yeah this app called Scamhield. The Fox icon, right? You've used it before? Oh, I have it on my phone. It's, I'll basically just install it once, and then you set it up once, then it prevents scammers from calling you in the first place. Oh, yeah. I mean, that's really annoying. Install now. Installing. Right. You're scared. Talking about Glenis, just now you're saying that this sharing of stories online helps to normalize conversation. I was watching TikTok and then I saw a video of this girl who was talking about how she got scammed by this like rental, Facebook marketplace rental posting. So basically what happened was that she saw a posting on Facebook and then she contacted the agent because she was interested in interviewing so the agent was like okay Yeah, I know available for you to come down today But I'm not free so I get my PA to bring you so okay, yeah, sure so we went with the PA to go and see the house. Like an actual person. Oh my god. Okay. She was like, oh yeah, very nice, location very good, price not bad. And she was like, okay, I push my luck, uh, asked for like a slightly lower monty fee, then the agent very quickly, yeah, can, can, can, no problem. No, fine. She was like, no fine. That's just like, okay, a bit suss, they started to like, oh yeah, can quickly sign, you know, like if you like it today, then we sign it today, which is very like, usually doesn't really happen that way. Yeah, you need some discussion. Correct, and there's like a bit of like bad and forth. What she did was that she went to ask one of her friends who's a real estate agent depository, repository of like agent numbers to see if the agent is real in the end couldn't find which is like it's a scam so in the end didn't sign and she got away yeah but dang that's high level speaking of shopping online you're always on Instagram scrolling and then this ad came up for a moon lamp basically a lamp shaped like a moon. Okay, it's kind of cute like I would like stand up. Yeah, it's like wow so like can change color and all that right I was like oh my god looks so nice. Yeah, I'm happy. It's like thick. So I was like, oh my god, I want to buy. One week later, I think I was checking. And then I realized, like, I have no like news about my lamp coming, right? Then I went to find the, I told me it's like I got a receipt or something, but I remember where I bought the thing from. So I went to search online, like this and it didn't exist then But do you like check for review? No, I didn't. I didn't. So you check anyway. I just like moon lab. I have to have it. I have to have this moon lap. Put in my card details. My house and Jack. I want the check up. Then I was like, oh my god. I went to check my bank account to see if there was like any other transactions, but I mean don't have life. It was just that moon lamp that was deducted. Then I was like, oh damn, thank God was just like that one like item. Yeah, so if you shop online or any on any like e-commerce website, please remember to check reviews and I think you save payment methods Yeah, don't be like don't be an important Yeah, I think it reviews reviews. Nowadays I read a lot of reviews to see like. I mean, okay, hearing all the stories shared today, realize that every one of us has kind of, no, actually except for you. Thank you. People obviously I look scammable, but I am very diligent in checking things. I think out of everything that we've shared today, it really pays to be safe rather than sorry. And apparently there's like three tips. To not fall for a scam or to prevent yourself from a scam. Such an educational episode. Yeah, it is. What is it? It's act. The acronym, ACT. Wow. Act. One is, A is ad, scam shield shield at which you just add oh my favorite ad just down with it yeah and then C is to check for scam signs with official sources. So I know like, you know sometimes you receive news like about, okay, there's this kind of scam going around or like the banks will tell you like this is kind of scam going on, don't fall for it, yeah. So just check with official sources for these news. Maybe like go just to verify. Yeah, scam signs. So the last one is to tell the authorities your friends and families about these scam encounters. Right. Yeah, so don't keep it yourself. Yeah. So like what Mlanes did. Yeah. Basically, whatever you actually, you've been doing it very well. Yeah, you've been acting. Exemplary. Yeah. So this has, like what, Adele said, this has been a very educational episode of Tea Talks. I've learned quite a lot. And we'll see you guys on the next episode. To your next one. Bye. I almost dabbed.