 Hi, my name is Jacqueline. I'm a mother of three girls. Two of my elders are a set year they will be 21. There was once, I brought them for a Para Canoe try, and instead of staying in a canoe to try out, they jumped into the pool and had a 30 minute swim instead. The journey to the Parakhanu trial was very far, it was from the most west to the east and after a while I see that they are smiling, they are playing happily. Actually, it makes't able to understand them. Everything that I have, even my laptop, I work and then I fell asleep. When wake up all the keys are gone. My girl would practically peel off every single of the key. And I was like, how many $2,000 do I have to buy a new laptop? Those were the time was really, really drive me nuts, you know. Like, I cannot even live normally. Some of them are really up to the state that I really do not know what to do. And the thought of suicidal has always come to my mind. At work, I'm an employee, at home I'm a mother. So what about me? Who is Jacqueline. I grew up in a single parent family. I have many missed opportunities and that actually sets me wanting to give all that to my children so that they can grow up the way that I dream I could grow up with. I would picture motherhood to be someone who actually bring her kids to enrichment classes, go to a good primary school, and on weekends we can go out for meals, shopping. During school holidays, we can go on vacation together. I thought that would be Jacqueline's life, but life is not like that for me. I was in denial until when they were about eight years old. My pedistrician told me this very strong statement, Jack, you have to face the reality. Your kids are mentally retarded. At the time when I heard that description, I was angry. How dare you say such a word to a mother. I don't think my child are mentally retarded, they are just slow. But there's this incident where I teach my twin how to take a seat from a cup. But just that action took me three weeks. Three solid weeks, every day try for at least two hours. On the day that she managed to pick up her cup and take a seat, I find myself really crying. Finally, finally, finally she did it. I also want myself to remember this feeling. Remember the time you teach her how to drink a seat from the past 20 years, a lot of ups and down in upbringing my girls, but myself, I felt that my mental health strength is growing stronger. I have grown so much that I don't always rely on external factors to tell me what I'm doing is right or wrong. So even though I know this thing I do, I may regret it later on, but I feel that this is the best way. I will do it. And later on I regret it, I will say yes, I have tried. Yeah, I think that is the biggest strength that I have, I have acquired in this journey. Thank you.