 Then when they were done, they opened the door and like, hey, oh my god. Hi, I'm Sam. Hi, I'm Hafis. Hello. I'm Chau. Hi, I'm Leah, and this is Zula Chicets. What is that? It's a chick. Oh. Hi guys, welcome to this episode of Chick Chats. And in today's episode we're going to be talking about staying in hall in university. So which uni were you from and which hall were you guys from? I was from NTU and hotel. I was from NTU also from the best hall. Hall 16. Wow, wow. Competitive! I was in NUS. I am in NUS and I lived in KR and N house. So for me I stayed in residential college. So it's somewhat like a hall but it's in Newtown. Yeah and they have their own program. I stay in Camus too. Yeah. That's where all the nerds are at. Fair. Hey, but the nerds are cool. The nerds are real cool. So moving on, let's talk about your own personal hoar experience. So what are like rooms you stay in and also like do you have any like stories to share about like inmates or like horror stories in the hall? I stayed in a double room so for NTI I think it's good because you can actually choose your roomie before you go in so thankfully I chose like my friend and we are still friends like so. That's a good thing. Because having a roommate, your dynamic with them completely changes. It's test the friendship. There are stories of people who like stop being friends with their roomies. For my first two years I stayed at a roommate and then in my remaining time in hall I stayed in a single room. So you like single or double better? I enjoy staying in a double room because I always had a roommate and it didn't get very lonely. On the other hand, a single room is great also because like things can go my way easier. Like in terms of the cleanup, in terms of access to my rooms. Access to my rooms. Yeah, so, you know, you know, yeah. There's some hidden message behind all these. I lived in Cambridge for one year, year one, same two and year two and then when I did NOC that was year two  2 Sam 2 and that was when I stayed in PG-P. I lived in a single room because they only have single rooms and then in the evening when the sun just shines through my windows. Wow, the room sounds nice. It's in there. It's super nice. And then I had all these fake flowers. I stuck them around my bed frame. So like it was just the dreamiest room I ever had. I think for me I had the best of both walls like which is a single room but also having the company of other people because I stay in the sleep that has like a shared common area but you cannot choose your steammates yeah so you just hangs away whether you get good roommates or not for my first year the roommates I stayed with all seniors so we'll just like hi-bye but I was very very lucky when I was here to all people that I could click with. So they're still my closest friends up now. And then like two of them will exchange students who I still keep in contact with. Do you have any juicy roommate gossip stories to share. I know of this couple that always appears in my friend's IG stories. 7pm or something outside the door so they always like a good 5 minutes before they go into the roof. Oh no but actually the thing on that right it's like a good five minutes before they go into the roof. Oh no, but actually building on that, right? It's like the swing into other buildings. Okay, so RC is like the buildings that are all built very near each other like HDBs, right? So if you're on the top floor of this RC you can look down into the lower floor of another RC people don't realize that and then they leave their blinds open so my friend one time is like guys I looked to on my window and I just saw this a couple having sex. I was like, what? And then he's like, everybody's talking about it in the chat. And it's damn bad. Because like, how do you tell them or so, right? Guys, just be aware and close your lines. I think  it's a very important room. I didn't see anything with my own eyes, but that's what I heard. I think the walls are quite thin. The walls are thin. So when people study too hard, you know, sometimes it can be heard. When they study, wow, this thing damn hard. Damn hard. Damn hard. Then I'm like, oh, okay. What do you mean by thin walls. It was my friend's room. I walked past her door and then I heard like, oh my god. I pulled up. Then I put my ear. Then I put my ear. Then I hate. I stood with my door open. Then I lean against the door frame like that. Wait for them. So how long do you wait? This girl is too creepy. Then when they were done they open the door I'm like, hey. Oh my god. They just laugh at me and tell me to go away. So moving on to hall activities, what are some activities that you guys participated in? So the way it works in halls, at least for NUS, is that if you want to stay on, you need to accumulate points. And to stay on you need to accumulate points and to accumulate points you need to participate in events functions run by either your block or your hawk so I didn't join anything. I'm not particularly proud about it because I feel like Hall was a great way to pick up new things and new skills which I didn't get to experience for myself because I was very busy talking beyond school so I couldn't really accumulate points but because I spent a lot of time with my blockmates they helped me to stay on for the next semester. So I think for us we have the same things, but we call them like interest groups, at least in Tempusu. One of the groups that I think my friends started was T-Freidum, which is the LGBTQ-plus group, that supports a lot of the LGBTQ plus people in the hall itself, in the bussul itself. That's something that I feel makes the bus a little bit different in terms of like what we offer. I spent a lot of time in NUS, done. So like the club, the NUS club itself. The biggest thing that I did was to take my dance dance. At the start of the year, there will be a dance competition where all halls would compete together. So that was really fun. And also I think hall is a very good place actually to try something we've never tried before. Like in terms of commitments and roles, I joined as a group leader for orientation camp. I was also in the hall committee. Something I like about NTU is we have this thing called IHG. So it's inter-hall games. And they are like a lot of different kind of sports and like recreational activities. What is your biggest culture shop when you entered hall? For halls is like a shared tentry, right? And then that's where you realize some people are super gross. We have microwave ovens and there are stories of people who use the oven as like to dry their socks. Eee! If you stay in the older horse, please don't use the microwave oven. Sometimes even at the urino, it's quite high, right? Sometimes it's like, I don't know how it got there. I think the biggest culture shock for me, right, was the partying culture, especially at the start of the semester. Then they are just always like, you want to go out to drinks, you want to drink in my room. Even though it is strictly bad and people get into so much trouble and they started to clamp down very strongly towards the end of my host day. Yeah. Oh, also the sex sex culture so I heard of how there are WhatsApp chats in home that are just for hookups It's our rumor nobody has actually seen the chat. Oh, you have? Anyway. Okay! I mean, so far- I have not seen the chat, but, you know, little parties that have to told us about these things. Don't give in the peer pressure. If people around you are doing things that you don't believe in, don't do it. Just be your own person. I don't know about it, but I know in the NUS, like, if something happens, the whole hall know about it like the next day, that kind thing just be aware of like your actions yeah what is your biggest take away from staying in hall I think although there's a lot of weird stories about hall and weird things that's going on I still still really enjoyed my stay because it really gives me a chance to learn how to live on my own. And another big takeaway is definitely the friends that I've made because there are people who have seen you at your worst, there are people who you can just randomly knock at the door and then go inside to talk if you feel down or anything. I think the biggest state way for me will also be my friends. These are the people who have been there for you because they are so accessible and at same time they are also very like I would say very like minded like in a way. Independence is one of the biggest takeaways that you're gonna get because for the first time in my life I had a place to call my own and everything that was within this little space right belong to me and it felt so good. It inspired me to want to work towards that again to someday be able to look at a place and say that I own this place. The biggest thing for me is that staying in RC or even how I made my whole unique experience a lot easier. Yeah, because I had something to go back to all the time after like a very long day of classes and like friends who can kind of empathize with what I'm going through. Andthe second thing I think it's a lot about taking initiative and learning how to like start up your own project and lead your own projects in the hall. Yeah, because a lot of times you don't have the opportunity to do that outside. So last question will be any advice to the fellow people who are entering hall in August? I think anything like what I mentioned before, stay through to yourself. but I think still go inside with a very open mind. Because there's a lot of new experiences that are going to enter into. There's a lot of new things you can try, new friends you can make. So I think it's going to be a very exciting time nonetheless. To completely agree with whatever she said, remember to have fun also. Yeah, because like some people they just go, they just like have hall to just study or like as a place for them to rest after school or what not but they sometimes forget about the fun aspect of uni life? Well you're having fun I feel like the fun element can people might overemphasize on that sometimes as well so like those who get very into all the activities and it might become very overwhelming for you and just find your support system know who you can rely on and who you can talk through all your struggles with and you'll help you a lot through your new journey. I think my biggest advice is prioritize the time because that's something a lot of people don't realize because you know that whole triangle everyone like you want to study sleep and social life then people always choose just study and social life and then they don't like get enough time for themselves. I think that is something very important. Don't lose yourself in whole. Prioritizing your own mental health is key to having a great life. Right? Yeah. Today we talked about hall culture and we learned that as long as you stay true to yourself you're going to enjoy everything and your new experiences. So if you guys like this video remember to leave a comment down below and also let us know what else to talk about next time. And don't forget to like, share, and subscribe. Bye! Bye!