 For my partner and I to make our living room what we consider cozy or in our bedroom, what we consider cozy is very nice. Like before going to bed, I used to look at her. Now I look at the corner that I eat. With the reaction. I you can't in the morning. Okay, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. And we are back for another episode of T-Tox. Yay! And we are here to talk about housing because we are all first-time house owners. Okay, maybe you all can say your type of housing, you know, maybe your marital status at Canasta. So my name is Peifang and then I am 28 this year. Attached, not married yet. I am getting a flat in Juang East in five years time in 2028. I'm Ben, I'm 32 this year. I'm married and I have a resale flat in Pongu. Yeah, I just moved in like two months ago. Um, Bella 35. I stay in a private condo. It's a studio apartment, so it's pretty small. Swimming pool. Swimming pool. Yeah, yeah. Hi, my name is Yu Heng. I'm 30 this year. I'm recently engaged. My BTO is in Tempenes. Yeah. Tamponis. Yeah, tamponies. Yay, tamponies! It's the first time you cheer for the East. I have you cheer. Because like suddenly silent, no one cheer for him. Okay, I cheer myself. Yay, tamponies. Okay, so we're gonna play this game called like would you rather last so there are certain like options here So would you rather a spend less for a less ideal location or would you be pay more for an ideal location okay so who is a yay is the West East maybe they did really spend less compared to us. Okay, so you all say you'll pay less for less ideal location. So what are y'all for goal and your choice? Uh, not choosing teaung barro over Churang East. Yeah, I was like at the top of my head before saying like the price, I was like, the-baru, because like the tea-barru curry rice to eat. Every morning. If the store moves, you also move. No, but there's just like a greater proportion of like good food in that area. Yeah, and then the estate got also looks very very nice and all, like very truly, but it's that kind of thing. But my situation is not ideal. In the sense that I don't earn that much for me to afford that location. So I need to like prioritize on whatever I can afford. So I decided to go for like Joangis instead. Because I think Jouangis is like, there's a lot of like shopping malls and like a lot of amenities there also. But you left was location an issue? So actually my location is quite ideal already because I think when my partner and I were discussing right we kind of wanted either Pado or Tampanis. We like Tampanis but we forgot a lot of things because for us we weren't expecting to get a flat during the exercise but we did and when when it was our turn to choose a flat we didn't have high floor options left so I mean as much as we wanted to also stay like 30 floor that kind right we don't have a choice so that's one thing that we have to forego. Those are things that unfortunately I can't choose but my price is quite healthy for me to think about so I don't feel anxious thinking like oh my goodness like I need to pay so much. Yeah, I think for me location is one of the primary consideration. Your location costs how much? Okay, not Bongo per se, but like within the estate I wanted something that was more accessible and had like facilities or amenities nearby. What is important for you? I think commute to work for one. I think that was the main thing that my partner and I were looking at. Yeah, because the commut to work is further. But that's where you save on cost. And then you also stay near your parents? Correct, yeah. So I stay within, just nice within the 4KM radius, so I managed to get the proximity housing grant as well. Yeah, so I think I was just like within 100 meters. If I threw a stone already, the stone won't get the ground. So since you say you're paying less for a less ideal location, I don't know like how much did your house cost, like roughly? Mine was about 320K for a four room flat. Nice, nice. That's a good number. What about you? It's similar to your cost, 370 plus. I'm quite ambious when I hear all the detail prices. Mine is reselled, right? So I paid about close to half a million, there about For a forum No, but then you get your flat faster. Yeah, you don't have to wait. It's true. I mean you moved in already, but I moved in already I moved in already We are still in the waiting, you know. We just see the model, then like happy happy. See the paper, the floor. Then put on IGS, five years later, see you, that guy. I don't think I can have to like commit that and like you just see the model I don't know. When you think about the cost you can commit already. Thanks. So what about the cost for you? Okay so I hear 300 I hear 500 then like I damn said am I stupid for doing this? Because you all have partners. I bought this as a single. So my place for a studio apartment, which is like damn tiny, is 700, 700, OK? When I hear all of your amounts it's like, oh my God, it's like more than double of, I can buy two BTOs. Not like. Two forerals. Wait, but where is it? You know. I think I should make more friends. In the East, right? Can move here, change your BTO. No, no, no. Then I'll invite y'all to the well. I think people won't go home, but okay, you can try. Okay. Let me know in five years, I pull you on my car. Oh yeah, in my house, I'll make if you're still friends in five years time. Okay. Would A, buy a resale flat or private property to move in earlier, or B, buy a BTO and move in later? Sorry, I need to read the coach. I'm speaking properly and you cannot register. Okay who is a? I'm half half I cannot. Then you put your hand here. Whything? I mean clearly I bought a resale because I wanted the convenience of being able to move in right now, right? But at the same time I see the benefits of having a BTO whereby you get something at the subsidized rate that you do have to wait but it saves you a lot of money in the long run as well. My spouse and I have been renting for a couple of years already so we are very used to having our own space. You know I love living with my parents and I appreciate them for all that, but I also really like having my own space. So I don't think it's something that I can go back to. So I think we would still go for resaleale. Actually I think that's quite a great point because a lot of couples want that freedom also like for us for me and my partner sometimes you will just like randomlychat for things and we will think about how nice it is if we had our own space. Like now, right? Yeah. Okay, so the situation around me getting my video was that it was a decision that we didn't expect to make because it wasn't a very ideal unit for her and she really like the dream home she envisioned wasn't like facing a car park on the fourth floor. Yeah so why did your partner decide to like keep the flat? Okay so after discussing for four months right I think one fine day she just woke up and she's like you know what let's just try and make this home the best home we can then if even if we don't like it down the road if like she cannot stand like you know the car park noises or whatever, we will just find a new place to live. Like it's not like we have to commit to something at this point in our lives. It's the idea that you make your dream home, not that the dream home is given to you. So, Payfang, would you ran before you get your video? I haven't really thought of that question. So like, you  you're talking about it I was like thinking at the back on my head like wow should I rent or not? Because a lot of people have asked me also and they are like five years you will be like 30 plus like in that time already then how to start family blah blah blah blah counting you're too old for that then I'm like I'm like thanks for the reminder. I know it. You didn't ask them for advice at all. Like I don't know, like maybe an alternative is to similar to, um, Yohan's case is my boyfriend will just come over and like leave with me. I mean I haven't like brought up that topic and all because it's not something that we are considering at that moment. You also haven't proposed yet. Yeah, no. Right. Where can? Where is your proposal? Where's your proposal? Okay, sorry. I haven't even like talked to him like. So I think for Bella, she mentioned just now that she needs to pay 700K, right, like, in a lump sum. Yeah, she don't have the 700K, but yeah. Yeah, correct. So for us, at least we get like the the the the HG grant enhanced housing grant so basically it's a grant given by HDB for you to offset some of the costs of financing the house I mean your house costs like 700 key right so how do you afford it? I can't afford it. Sometimes I wonder too. I think it's a commitment that you decided on, right? So there will be certain life changes. Like previously I always thought of, you know, every few years I would live a year overseas. But now with a house, then you have to ask yourself, you know, can you afford it? Or like, I must always have a job. But definitely, like, having such a big financial commitment is huge, then just got to make adjustments to my lifestyle law. I cancelled Disney Plus subscription. Sorry Disney Plus. Just really just take note of like every single month. Like now I have a table of like all my expenditure and all the loans I have to pay and then I feel like a lot of people don't, I mean the people I know at least, right, didn't think about that until they committed to a housing option. Like for example, they will be like, oh yeah, I can afford it. But then when they go for the housing option that they want, then they realize, oh now I have to like change a lot to my life. If you haven't gotten a house, it's a good idea to start thinking about all of these things first. I wish I thought about that more. Because... You are a planner. No, no, she is a planner. My partner is a planner. I wasn't. Yeah, because if she didn't kick start the whole process of like, let's plan our finances, right, I would have been a lot more anxious about my house. So the idea that we have to sit down and think about, okay, if we want to afford this, what should our life look like? What should our lifestyle be like? Can you all ready for the last one? Yes. This one looks very long so Pekang should slowly digest then tell us. I digest first. Would you rather buy your dream house as your first home and stay there in the long run or be by a... Oh this time I think a bit ugly. But or be buy a starter home and upgrade at a later time. Wow, starter home like Minecraft. I think this is a A for me at the moment. Okay, buy your dream house and stay in the long run. As in my current situation is an A for me. Okay. But is that what you have chose? I thought your dream house is tongue viral please. That's the dream A1. Then this is dream A2 So still dream house still can consider dream house, yeah happy for you. Yeah, yeah, I mean they are okay, tea Baru is dream A1 because of the location. Location is ideal. Yeah, but Jurong East is A2 because the location is not as ideal as Tionbaru, but the height is great. Yes. Yes. So it's still considered dream. Okay, that's my definition. So why then? Why did, why were your like, this is starter and not the same? I mean, cause is a big thing, like, for example, her dream home, I said it's a condo, right, but given our current finances, it's a bit hard for us to look at a condo and be like I want to buy it. Then your dream home is as long as it's nice and it has a very nice kitchen I'm happy with it but unfortunately that also means that a lot of condos right because the kitchen is very small right yeah so we do have to like we are opposed and cons yeah but happy wife happy life she want cond wants to try and catch. Actually, you should have said, for you, your home is when my baby is, that's who. Correct. My dream home is where my wife is. Where my future wife is. I think you're trying to be boyfriend of the year. I can't take it. And I think the bonus of having a video that a lot of people don't necessarily think about is the fact that waiting isn't a bad thing. Waiting means that you have time to build up your finances, you have time to progress in your career to a more stable place, so that when you actually get the house you don't feel anxious about a lot of things. Okay or Ben you just recently moved in so was it very exciting like seeing everything done up like how you planned it to be yes like it's nice to be able to finally decorate and like make something your own or like you know everyone has a different idea of cozy so for us like for my partner and I to make our living room what we consider cozy or in our bedroom like what we consider cozy is very nice like like before going to, I used to look at her. Now I look at the corner that I did. But I look at her in the morning. Okay, okay. So as first time house owners, like, what are you excited about? I want to think of Phavenor's one. But I need to think. I haven't really think about it. I think I was so excited to host my first house party. Hey, I very excited about that.that. The excitement is real. This is what you're excited about, not the decorating. No, that one, then after that when it's so nice already, right, then you invite people to your house. Then you're like, wow, look at people's house. Because I've been going to a lot of house parties. Say no. I think it's having that space to yourself to be able to like invite people over and I don't know, create memories in that house. Good vibes good vibes. It's nice to have friends over. It's true. Ben Hammer invited, just saying. When is your house? He said he just unpacked only. He still got all the cover-up also. So take some time, give him some time. Oh yeah, correct. Sorry. You all have been busy. the- Yo, I think like a lot of people definitely would want to get some advice if they can, you know, on the whole process of being a first-time house owner. So what's the most important advice you will actually give to people who are looking to get that first place. I think being a first time homeowner can be quite daunting to a lot of people and sometimes in the process of getting the house you might feel like you know you'll never get what you want. What's more important is that as long as you learn how to manage the good to have versus the must have, right, you will still eventually get a nice place, a place that you can call your own. Yeah, actually the ideal home that you have in your head is really just a concept, right? At the end of the day. Yeah, it's like if it fulfills your mastsaf, then I think it's good enough. Yeah, the ideal home is just a place for us to host our parties. I just want to add on also, because everyone have different opinions about what an ideal home is, right? Like for example example we have three Easties and one Westies all right then every time I could not this like my house is like how why the West are very good man the location at the end of the day like I'll be like no I like my current home like it is the it is like a pretty good location for me and like there are a a lot of good things that come along with it. Then I'll be just like, I'm happy alone, you can say whatever you want. I'll leave that to five years later, you'll make your own decision from that. Wow, I'm quite quite convinced now I'm very curious about the West. Little we all go there with very high expectations. Yeah I won't disappoint. No the West won't disappoint in your hope it has been great like listening to the experience of like different types of home owners. Yay. If you have any questions you can leave it in the comment section and I hope you enjoy this episode. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Bye.