 When I was at my peak, I spent most whatever I earn. It got nice goody. I owned a couple of luxury watches. During the lowest point of my life, I was homeless and I never tell anyone because I was very embarrassed. I would stay in his schools for a couple of days, I go to Changi. But I was thinking a question to myself, what can I do to get myself out of this? Some people, they are very good with maths. Yeah, I'm not good with maths, but I'm good at day dreaming. That's my biggest talent, day dreaming. I do love creative work. I like to travel. I like images. I shoot everything, you know. I go to bus top, public area, I just shoot randomly. I learn aesthetic from there. I don't go to film school, but I got lucky in a way because I need the right people. So I met this Japanese boss, Modi. He sent me to Japanese construction in Singapore. At that point, I get quite good income, because it's hard to penetrate Japanese construction. I never see this kind of money before. Financially, I'm not thought how to say money. My circle of friends, they come for money. So they go party, they have nice cars and so on. I was influenced by my surrounding. Then I got to watches like Omega's Rolex. At one point, I was feeling a good life, so I had to go. But life is not a bit of roses. After eight years, Modi passed on, things get bad. Then COVID started, right, everything disrupted, especially the construction area. I was a free-runcer, about a year plus. Project getting lesser and lesser, so I don't have enough income. I sold everything you know I don't have any more camera. I have just enough money to buy a 10. Then with me just a small little bag. Remember one time I caught my mom. So my mom asked me, hey, why are you? I said, I'm good. I'm at my friend place. I thinking maybe, hey, my son is doing quite good, you know, somewhere because I suddenly see my mom. I feel like I'm let down. That point, I was very hungry, and people next to me are barbecuing. That is the saddest part of my life. One day, I feel a pain in my ear. When I close my eyes, I can see red, blue, purple, you know. So I didn't know actually something is happening inside my head. I was wadded, so I was diagnosed with a stroke. Due to my condition, it was very hard for me to apply for a job. When I was hospitalized, I met this social worker connected me to nowhere. My first impression I thought he's a young man. Because when he spoke to me, he sounds very jovial energetic. He tell me that not to worry because he's there to guide me and help me, you know, revamp my resume. Yeah, we just audited. Rafi, in terms of his personality, he's a fighter. He's a survivor. So he went to do grab. He went to take on part-time jobs that comes his way. So this is something that I really admire him. When he shared with me his treatiation, I was able to empathize with him. And I guess that also helped him to move on because he had a listening year, and from there he can work towards getting employment. Most of my life, I'm alone, I'm on my own. You know, it's like a heaven's sand, no, when Noelle called me because at that time I was quite desperate, you know. One thing that I noticed is he has grown in terms of his confidence, right? And what I see is along the way he bounced back faster from adversity. With the help in a way, I landed a job a job, so this is actually much needed for me to support myself. The way I describe my life is like a roller coaster because there be a lot of ups and a lot of downs. But you have to be kind to yourself and acknowledge your weakness and have faith. So I accept my situation now. I cannot get back whatever I lost in the past. So what I can do is just look ahead and make my life better. Now I'm looking forward to my coming BTO. So I always wanted to have my own home, so I'm very happy and I'm looking forward to living in that house. My name is Rafi, and I'm 51 years old, and I'm doing my best in life. you