 I don't know how we display our own signs of aggression. Maybe we take out a text Gabe. Hi, I'm Bray. I'm Leia. This is Zula Chick Chic Chicks. Okay, so on today's episode of Chick Chichess, we'll be talking about boys school culture. Okay, before we start, please tell us which school you guys were from. Okay, so I was from R referee's institution from 7 to 2nd 4 today was my my boys not balls. But it was my boys school period. I was from San Michael's primary school now known as St. Joseph's Junior. Then after that I went on to Tomo S. Jack. I went to St. Stephen's for primary school. And then I went to San Fats, otherwise known as St. Patrick School for six four years in secondary school. So I was not from a boy school, but I was from CHIJ. Talking about experiences that you guys had going to a boy school. Hafiz, maybe you can start off with you. You know why? Because you came from a co-ed school first and then you went into our boy school. So how was that like for you? Okay, for me, like, a game changer because back in my school I was I was still very shy well I remember some girls like used to bully me last time I was eating food and then they took my fork and ran away and couldn't eat. So when I went to secondary school it was all boys then like I didn't have girls to like disturb me or like bully me. Okay at first like to be honest when you think of it, you would think of it, you would think, like, well, it'd just be like a bunch of nerds or like people who just want to study. But yeah, like, the friends that I mixed with were mostly quite rowdy, then like, yeah, maybe that's why I'm like this now but it was an interesting change for you guys is this similar experience like the school very like the boys school very rowdy because this is what I think of boys school. We will get up to a lot of nonsense like you know like play pranks on teachers each other will fight like you go through like the highs and lows all together, yeah. So I don't know if it's like a thing for mixed schools where they are girls, but as in an all boys school, we used to get like public kidding every day. Like not everybody, like those that means people one by one. Do you have any cases of like bullying in school? I was the bully Okay. Okay, I didn't consider bullying. Essentially it was just my group of friends. We didn't bully anyone. I don't know, I think it's a big group thing. I just like think this guy looks funny or something. Then I'll tell my friends, you know this guy, his specs, right, his degree, 1,000 degrees. Do like an owl. Okay, okay. Then everybody will rush to this person's class, right? And stand us this guy and see, then we call him owl. Okay. Damn, damn bad. That is so mean! How can he all say that's bullying? It's a bullying! Okay, but I understand when you try to say it is like you're just making fun that kind of thing, but then ultimately I mean thely speaking it is bullying Yeah, it is like yeah, I think at a time when we all like boys and like childish yeah we like didn't know better I think for me and my girlfriend is very similar to what give is just okay, okay, what, what? So it's just the dynamics of a group, when something happens, or when someone says something funny, then we just like, attack the person. Okay, okay. And that person can still be one of our friends. Is it very normal to have fights in school? In my school no. Mine is like every day there was a fight. So the most epic one, right? And this was like a police case. Oh my god. There was these two friends, so they were having a conversation during recess. And then his friend apparently said that his girlfriend is very ugly. So he got very angry and riled up. That he took his fork and he took his fork. Oh yes, yes, yes. So he became known as like a fox stabber. The friend that got in hospital. Yeah, yeah. Then the friend went to hospital, right, apparently he had like four dogs on the go to hospital, yeah yeah, then the friend went hospital, apparently they had like four dots on the head. Yeah. This is rare of the fork. What is solid? What? What the fuck? What the fork? So like, word spread naturally. Then our principal told us during like the exemplary said, if there are news reporters outside the school, please don't talk to anybody, but everyone spoke to the reporter. Oh you all have like crushes on like female teachers? Definitely. Yeah. Very normal for me. Okay. Especially because from an all-boy school, right, there are no females around except the teachers. Yeah. Because I see these teachers all the time, right? And they carry themselves in a second way. That makes me a little bit more attracted to characterist like that in other girls. Crushers, I wouldn't say like a serious, oh my god, ma'am, I love you. No, no, ma'am? Oh, no, ma'am. Yeah, I do. Yeah. There was a guy I know. They know how teach us when they talk, then they'll walk down the rope. Then he put his elbow at the corner of the desk. Then when her butt like graced his elbow, right, then he's like, then he hit puberty. Then she like, oh sorry, sorry, but actually he would like delete intentionally. Actually it's sexual harassment, if you think about it. So there was one time, there was this release teacher. The class she had to relieve was a very rowdy class and basically like they took off their shirts and they started doing this around her oh my god I would be terrified if I was in her position I don't know if like sexual harassment or what's here in that case. I think like especially now if it's in a 2019 context right it's definitely sexual arrestment. Yeah 10 years ago it was still sexual arresmen. It was like it. Not that it was overlooked. Yeah. It was... Okay, I guess it is overlooked also. So, is there any ranking between the boys' school? Or do you all have a particular perceived notion of any other school? Do you like this school? You don't like this school? That kind of thing. I think for me, for ARI boys, because I think our top rivals would be Catholic Cat High Boys Okay, because firstly we are within the same vicinity every time when we see a cat high boy or what I don't know how we display like our own signs of aggression. Maybe we take out a textbook. Read in your faces too. Yeah, but it's like, wait something about high phones, I think it also because they don't have long pants. At once we reach sectary, that is something that we always like internally disturb them about. Like, what, so, it looks all hairy, still wear, wear shorts and that kind of thing. Yeah, but it's all just like mindless banter amongst ourselves. Sometimes when I see RI boys, I think, wow, these people just take our uniform. But then put our right back shape. my god, are you the same uniform? Oh white, oh my god, the same uniform? What the? I think like for saffets, right? Like we honestly did not give two shit about the academic ranking, but for some reason I don't know why we always dislike SGI. Yeah, like I always felt like SGI were like the nerdier, uncool version of us. Eventually we outgrow that because after we're like brother school. You mentioned something about like what the Zempec boys who go to don't know where to see the KC girls what was that you said yeah so basically after school every day right there were a few like hot spots where Sam Fats boys would go to to like look at SAC girls or like Casey dolls. Okay. Yeah, so we always would go to like Cicum Max or Parade or like the Marine Parade the market area. SGI, the nearest school to us like literally like 500 meters down is S. CGS. What I have heard is that some of the younger boys used to walk over the S.C.G.S. Girls didn't give a damn about us. Most of the time, if I'm not wrong, it would be the S.C.G.S. girls with the A.C.S. guys. Got it? The R.G.S. girls are not. Okay. It's funny as it is. The hot spot for me, for my friends at least was Bishar Library. What? I think they got quite close to a group of RGS girls and Crescent or Cedar girls also. Yeah so what they would do is have styley sessions after school. We move on to maybe talking about like some misconceptions or assumptions people have about boys school boys. Yeah and then actually one of them was because we did an episode on a girl school culture right and then everybody's like oh all girls school girls are lesbian that kind of thing. Is it the opposite for guys to date people have to assume that all of you are gay? I think there's definitely like a percentage. In Sampats like, but we always use to make fun of SGI of being like the gayer school. I don't know why. Because of the stuff that we do together when we are in school, we would strip someone down to his underwear in class, right after class ends, and then just leave him inside a lot below no no but as in he's our friend okay maybe that's why people call it okay like we know we are not I think maybe it stems from like how close we are as like bro's yeah so like we stay over each other's house like let each other say yeah one of the things that some asked me to ask was that boys school boys are homophobic that be first make all these are comments. I think in San Fats is really quite child. There was this guy who posted on his blog that he went on a date with a guy from another school. That was like a Saturday or something when he posted. Then after that weekend he came back on the Monday, everyone just started like shouting at him like, hey gay, gay. Then like people would throw tissue people at him. People would throw like that things at him. Then he just walked down the corridor, but he wasn't like affected What is him for y'all? We knew who was gay, but we didn't, we didn't believe, nobody bullied them. One of the girls asked me to ask you, to y'all play soccer every recess. I wouldn't say every recess. There are days where we have to really eat. Because they're really hungry, right? I wasn't one of the soccer clade. It happens it's the soccer school. Yeah, it's a soccer that also you're known for like playing soccer. So another misconception right is that boys school boys are very rich. My perception is that like all boys school for example like ACS or St. Andrews are the rich ones Okay, yeah, then Sam Pat's like no, I think for RRI maybe because like is the branding loss. How you put that? The image of an ARI boy that they portray or they like to push out is someone who's very pretty, very proper. It's like, I come across as coming from a rich family or wealthy background. Even though there are people who are very rich and stuff, but I think at the end of the day, they didn't really use this to look down on other people. I don't know why people say that because I don't know if about now but back then there was this program called something about welfare assistance for the the more underprivileged kids. No doubt I have to say that some of us come from an above average household. Even in school, right, they teach us to be independent of our parents especially in terms of like finances so as much as I came from an above average household right I was actually some poor dog I was living like day to day on the dollars that mother gave me maybe because we are in independent school yeah the more wealthier parents yeah I'm more willing to spend a little bit more money to send that child to, I guess, in all girls or boys or boys or boys are more elite. I think it will be a lot from the R RI side also, like because RI is also a very elite school. I think at the end of the day it really boils down to who you as a person, like because of what school you come from and also like the kind of friends you mix with. For me I couldn't really experience any of these like pretentious nature or the elitist mindset. All the perceptions right are created by our parents generation. Then they just like pass down to us you know and that's what we think. Looking back at your younger self do you have any advice for yourself or advice for people who are currently in a boy school Don't take out your clothes in front of teachers I think for boys school at least like sometimes you might get too carried away in terms of like having too much fun with your friends. Yeah but I think you still have to take note of like how important like academics actually is also. It's not something that you can just like throw away but instead use your dynamics as a brose group To encourage each other or like to push each other then that's great like because really the influence that we have on one another I would say is very very. It's good to send the candy for like maybe an hour and just like just talk shit because this is how boys school boys bond. If I have kids in the future I would still send them to like Sam Pets or if it's a daughter I send them to IG yeah because I think the culture is very unique. I think it's good to take away also like that you know no matter what school you go to inside you need to work. You just work hard and like you know be yourself, make good friends and that's great. Don't discriminate based on your schools. Okay, so we that's it. We've concluded this episode of Chick Chic Chess talking about boys school culture and if you guys are from boys school and you feel like you want to add on to any of the comments that the cast have mentioned feel free to leave in the comments down below and also let us know what else to talk about next time and then don't forget to like, share and subscribe. Bye bye