 C-R-E-2 of my sign language. Little bit hard. You understand, right? Later the video is out, he better check subtitles. I scared later the deaf committee is goal. I'm Weij, I'm one of the co-founders of For Coffee. Hi, my name, S-A-L-A, H-U-D-D-I-N. I do service and prepare food, and drinks and cashiering as well. If customer come in how you communicate with them. So customer will write and point at the menu and I'll write with PAD iPad. Your team scared of you. Little bit. While Dean is death, we also have James with autism and Joshua with mild intellectual disability. If there's no din, they will take a longer time to do things. He's the one that would push them to do faster and to meet timing For YouTube island the alphabet sound then other stuff is either he or Pauline teach. What will make you feel very, very angry. It's more of the things in the cafe which they forgot how to do and then he'll just be more patient to teach them again repeatedly. Sometimes people with special needs do get anxious easily because of sudden changes in the environment or if you try to throw them in an unexpected situation. So that's the thing with working with my supervisors. They are very, very patient people and that's where I also need to come in and tell them they have to share with me and not just keep quiet to themselves. They also didn't want me to worry about it. He put me quite a few skills, like the cutting skills when using a knife, he's a very kind and caring person, and then also very encouraging. Were you worried you cannot find job? Hard to find job. With death. So you share with your family that you are the supervisor and then they are surprised. Yeah. What made you feel happy working here? The staff, the customers and with other supervisors. They go out many times together. The idea for a social enterprise came about during my undergraduate years, learning about the different marginalized communities and feeling injustice. I know how it feels like to not be included in activities with friends and so on and so forth. So if these group of people in our society are being left out, how can I then create something on a larger scale for other people to also accept them meaningfully into society? We don't put up signs to say that we have people with disabilities here, because my staff also want to manage any customers that come along the way. I think that's part of the job that we all want to do, yeah, regardless of disabilities. you