 The girl was asking the father why the guy is so short. The usual questions that kids will ask out of curiosity. This is what you normally hear on the street. Yes. It's good that kids are asking. It shows that theyir observant and the observation skills are pretty good. I found out about my condition when I was about four to five. I realized my classmates, their body proportion were different from me. My legs and my hands were shorter, my head was bigger. They started to mock at me in terms of why your head is so big. It did kind of really, really disturb me. Why can't I lead a normal life? Does my head affect you? Like why, why that comment, why that question and stuff. One of the biggest struggle I face every day is not able to reach things of a certain height that a normal person can do. So, for example, at home I will have to use a stool to reach something that is higher than me, but also it trains me to find creative ways to overcome my problems. People just out of curiosity ask whether it's my parents born like that. That's why I'm like that. I don't blame them for asking because I'm more than happy to share knowledge of things that they may not be fully aware of. Okay, thank you. Yeah. Can't you? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. The growing stages is much lower. I only started to walk at the age of four. I always blamed my condition for affecting my learning abilities. I have to work harder than anyone else. It affected my level of confidence to achieve certain goals. The change happened when I found my passion in Fritagafid, when I was graciously accepted in a firm school. The lecturers, they accepted me for who I am and no special treatment is given to me. I do not want to be treated specially anymore. I have been pursuing photography as a passion because I found joy in capturing beautiful moments of people, passed the joy over to someone else, that they feel even motivated after a long week of work. I feel very encouraged. Even though sometimes they don't say it, but you know that you have done your part. Even through a photo, through a conversation, through a word. I've gone through a word. I've gone through a lot in terms of growing in my childhood heads. I don't want others to feel the same. I feel that the people who are born with this medical condition and through plants there are being shelved away. They have not been spoken about. Hence, this was my purpose and motivation to come out and to share about this condition. One thing I will tell my younger self is not to allow other people's comments, feedback affect me. Take the step forward to understand myself better and to have the confidence in myself.