 I was told that I'm being ignorant, like every time they t was diagnosed with moderate hearing laws, I think I asked myself a lot, is this the end of my career? Am I still able to work in the ward? Like you need to look after a cancer patient's. After I informed my nurse miniature about my hearing loss, she was also worried, but she was always there for me. She was telling me, why not you give it a try and perform it with sharing it this time, maybe things will get better. I feel is out of kindness, like she's giving me a chance for me to pursue my passion. When I was younger I actually want to be a nurse because I was brought up by my single mother. So whenever I've witnessed my mom fall sick when I was younger. I feel so helpless and didn't know what to do. So at the point of time, I keep telling my mom, I promise my mom, like, you know what, I'm going to be a nurse one day, so that whenever it fell sick fell sick, then I know what to do next. Because of my promise to my mom that keeps me going. As a new hearing aid user, you tend to hear all the background noises that you haven't been hearing for the past 20 years. Sometimes the hospital environment can be very loud. I'll be scanning and there's a beep sound. At the same time, there's another beep sound from the toilet call and the phone call at the same time. Yeah, it's very overwhelming. Like I can hear all kinds of sounds, like all come together. So far from my experience my patients will not even know that I have hearing issues until I actually told them. So it doesn't affect my performance and skills. Most of them cannot see, unless you are right beside me. Because it's just a transparent tubing hanging around my ear. Especially for cancer patients, after receiving the chemotherapy, they will be born to fall. So it's very important for nurses like us to have a good sharing skills. We have to be very alert. So far so good. Then you're the Marpi. No matter how many times I've seen my patient pass on due to a cancer, you will never be prepared when you love for diagnosed with cancer. And last year my mom actually diagnosed with stage for cancer. The doctor declared that she has to be imperative, like feel as comfortable as possible before the end of life. So because of that, I actually went back to Malaysia just to look after my mom, being a full-time caregiver. It's scary to go through the process by herself. She said that if I'm not around, she will have died in the hospital instead of at home, which is something that she didn't want to. I was able to take care of her until her last day. I slept with her until her last breath. Because her last words to me was, I feel safe with you. This one passed on, I actually switched to medical oncology because it's related to my mom's case. And I would like to provide the best utmost comfort care for the same situation as my mom. I I Thank you.