 It came as kind of a blind side for me because I was let go from my job. At midnight of Singapore time, I was logged out of everything already. Yeah. On that day itself? Yeah, the day is what the heck? What are we going to talk about today? We are going to talk about workplace rejection. Oh. This episode, one of us will get rejected. Stay tuned to the end of the episode to see who gets fired. No, just kidding. No, no, no, no, no. How do you? What? Are you rejecting me? And my question? My first experience with rejection. I was always, I will always remember, I was 15, 16, and I plucked out all my courage to like call this guy to ask him out for prom. And he said no. Not like I think I'm the best person out there, but yeah it was like a, yeah I think I'm the best person out there, but yeah, it was like a, yeah, I thought we were pretty good friends. What are you to say? Yeah, it's so bold. Yeah, if you're out there watching, like, this person, you say no to Wendy and hello, hello. So I don't necessarily feel a lot from my work rejections. But for the 2022 one, it came as kind of a blind side for me because I was let go from my my job and I'm just like I have a zoom call schedule and then like I entered a zoom call like okay cool what's like this about and then he's like so you have 15 days left. Your 15 days notice starts now and you are just not right fit for the company and we felt that it's better this way and you don't have to work the next 15 days your work stops today. You just straight away the day? Yeah. So I asked, so I say, so why, like you know, is there something I can do or something I was like why I wasn't doing? All he said was just you're not a right fit for the company. Like am I such a bad Like, that you have to cut me off now? And, um, it's not even like work the next like notice, you know, it's like now and gone, you're gone. I was super sad that night when it happened because at midnight of Singapore time I was logged out of everything already. Yeah. On the date, so? Yeah, the date. So I was like Didn't my mind. I was like What did you that offend you? Did I like like? Like why is it so like cut like so cut throat? Yeah so cut throat okay if I felt so cut throat and cold yeah anyway so I felt super sad that day because I think I was like wondering like okay so am I just not cut out to do this kind of work? I mean background and context, it's program managing. Programming. Why laugh? I also came to do project managing. But this is a more creative aspect. Then I wasn't so well-versed in like content creating and videos and all that so Then it's like I've no experience there then like the yeah, it's kind of like your security is just gone Then would you say they are right when they say you're not a good fit there? So after that Yes mean, like, thinking about it, yeah. I do feel like, okay, if I would have pushed to stay, then yes, it would just be me trying to like put it up a friend. Yeah. Yeah. In a place where I don't feel the most passionate in. Right. So in that sense that work rejection sort of like was something good because it led you to find a place that you would feel passionate for. I mean after that I talked to a friend and then after talking to that friend I kind of, okay he okay, that friend is now my partner. But anyway, so the night he was just saying, like, okay, because I have a faith, right? So man's rejection is God's direction. So kind of like you may feel like you are rejected in this one area and like you feel like all is lost but it might actually be an opening to another place that you can go and like a different direction you can go to. Sometimes we might be forced to find that silver lining ourselves in order to make the process much more purposeful and enjoyable. Like for for example, I always wanted to be a nurse. Can I tell, right? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I always wanted to be a nurse. So I applied for nursing so many times and I got rejected so many times. I even get so many people to help me write recommendation letter, you know, like my direct, the Singapore Recross Director, my form teacher, everyone I know to write saying that I will make a goodness. I even went to see the MP. Wow. Yeah. I went to do the MP to get. That's how much you wanted. Yeah. And then they just say no, like, no reasoning. Oh, they didn't, they never even give any reason. It's just straight up on the computer system. In a way I say it's a, lining because through the years after the rejection and everything, it allowed me to find passion in other areas that I never thought I had, like community services. It's because I didn't get to nursing, right? That's why I got myself involved in so many volunteering work. So the desire to help people is still there? Yeah, the desire to help people is still there and I'm like, oh actually I can help people through this way too. It's not too bad. I'm glad I didn't get accepted because if I did right I don't think I'll be sitting here. Right? I don't think I'll be sitting here renting about why I cannot go into your state. Yeah, I guess because I didn't really face like huge, huge work rejections or career rejections because like I was on a scholarship. So it really dictated the path that I was going to take. I was going to be in MOE for minimum four years because of the contract. So when I left that job and then traveled and then came back to do a mid-career change. I realized that at 30, right, I've never written a CV before. And I didn't even have a LinkedIn page because as a teacher you don't't need LinkedIn and sometimes I feel like rejections help you to grow you know help you to put yourself out there more have that confidence because you face that rejection and so so it was very, very scary for me. And I was just like, yeah, I wrote a quite a convincing cover letter, starting with H is just a number. Oh, it's so truly. So cute. But like, did anyone respond to? I mean, OGS did, that. Okay, so you see? See? See, it works. Would you know what would have happened to you if you were, if your scholarship was rejected? Oh, um. I mean I wanted to have like a nice answer to it, but I was like no, I confirm can get it. Okay, yeah, it's probably the self. Based on results it was really like I think I can get it and if I don't get it then find other scholarship because my mom told me like I need to fund my own university education so that was already told to me like when I was in JC so like I cannot have I can't afford to fail yeah but not to say I don't face rejection, on a daily basis, like because of what we do as video journalists, we need to find profiles, we need to pitch our ideas to our bosses. Like it's a daily thing. Profiles are going to say no. And then there's no silver lining. It's just no one. I have no other option. Like find another story, find another profile and you know unlike that's your best profile that rejected you but you have no choice but to just deal with it so I think yeah in cases when there's no server lining then you just need to accept and move on or just have the skin. Yeah, like, yeah, I mean like, you're rightly said, the stakes are different for everybody. Yeah, but I think one thing that was said to me that like really helps in dealing with rejection and like moving on with it It's like the worst thing that can happen is they say no It's true and then the best thing that happens to get something out of it. Yeah. So I think when we're talking about this, it still feels quite like millennial concerns. Yeah, we don't have to raise our kids or anything. Whereas for people, if they have family and then they face rejection, right, it's the stakes are a lot bigger. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we definitely do have like more options given the kind of circumstances that we're in like it's really a soft privilege. I think in life you always have a lot of, you will always go through a lot of nose and I don't deny you of I will still feel sad yeah like if I don't continue at OGS I'll still feel sad yeah for sure keep us in OG yeah it makes you a lot to come here, I think. I don't need to experience another like come tea talks part two. Yeah, but I think it's just a perspective switch for me, at least personally, in my own life. In my mind I turn around and like it's like no not you no thank you to me but it's like no I want to thank you for saying that no. No. No. Hi Bella, this is an ad slot from NAC. Please present as if you are teaching a class. Okay, okay, everybody wake up, listen. Before we continue, we'll like to thank the National Arts Council for supporting this video and showing us how there's a silver lining behind every rejection. If you're also feeling bogged down by work, why not take a step back and slow down to appreciate live and the arts? Enjoy a collaborative performance by the Laurent Boys and Luke Chong from Triple 5 Beatworks and NAC's latest. The arts can inspire your everyday campaign. You can also check out the NAC website for more of such performances. Okay, now back to the video. Pay attention, yeah? You feel like rejections at work is the worst or other things? If you ask me like, maybe three years ago I would have said yes because my life was like really about work at that time yeah yeah but you ask me now no Yeah, what's worse? What's worse? Applied for VTO get rejected. Oh, that is, that sucks. True story, it happened to youto you look at the email for HGV and you just like I don't think work rejection is my now it's is a big thing for me. I to my current boyfriend that if you, if this ever, I'll feel dance, I'll not, I'll be single for the resume like, yeah. Yeah. You hear that? Yeah. Well, actually just should. I can't take back my answer. Because like, what if my fiance watches this? Yeah. Yeah, I can't. Oh yeah, you never choose, so you chose a BTO, you never know. You're going to have the VPO yourself? No, I cannot. I want to have something until like, well, yeah, I think, relationship. Yeah, I think, yeah. Anything else that you learn from today's session? Okay, like, that sounds so formal. Do you have any like new insights or take away? Still, I learned that I... Yeah, writing a reflection now, hundred words. I feel like it's a bit of like affirmation hearing the way that like other people have like dealt with rejection sort of gives new perspective and It feels nice to go know that like other people are going to the same thing with you Yeah, you know the only one being rejected. Very suddenly become like misery-love company, but no-no-la. So if you like what you heard today, do like, share and subscribe to our content. And if you face workplace rejections, I've got more juicy story to tell us tell us in the comment section. Or if you have advice for us, be it workplace or love, you can also add a comment. Until the next one. Bye!