 She was like, Africa, do you want to see a surprise? And she did this for a skirt and then she usually look underneath. And look, it was a massacre down there. It was just blood all that are. The story I'm about to tell you has a title. The title is, do men not have dustbins in their toilets? It all started when I was hanging out with this guy at his house. So we were just playing video games and stuff. Nothing suspicious, okay? We were just playing video games. After a while I went to the toilet, just to do normal toilet stuff. Then I realized, oh, need to change my pet. So I just, you know, I started changing my pet. You know how girls like the pet, they will take the pet and then they will like wrap it in toilet paper, then they'll throw it away. So I had my little pet in toilet paper ball just I was holding it. Then I looked around. And I was like, there's no bin here. There's no dustbin anywhere inside. In my head I was like, this guy has a surround sound gaming system. He has a walk-in wardrobe, but he doesn't have a dustbin in his toilet and then he's like outside inside and I'm like I don't want to tell him that I have nowhere to throw my pet. So I really sat in there for 10 minutes trying to figure out what to do and then eventually somehow somewhere I got a plastic bag and I stuffed it into my plastic bag and I tie up and I like shuff in my pocket. Then I was like I came out of the toilet and I was like, ha ha, I need to go home now. Then I was like, bye. Then I took myself out of there. If you are a male viewer, you are watching this video and you are male, can you tell me, do you have a dustbin in your toilet? Like, I'm perplexed. I was staying over at my current fiance's place. So at that time he was my boyfriend and I stained his bed. His mom is the one that does the laundry. Like he will change it, he knows how to change it, but the laundry is all her because, you know, like, oh people, they have their own way of doing laundry, right? So Bopian had to go through her. My now mother-in-law, she changed my bitch shit with my blood, but she didn't judge me on your teacher. So, okay, then she just like changed. So like she was really, really nice about it. I wanted to die. T-L-D-R. I stained my boyfriend's bed. I was so traumatized by it, I can even remember the exact date. It was New Year's date, the 1st of January. We were sleeping and then I woke up because I felt like my down there wet and then I was like shit, did I wet the bed? Then I looked like blood, like, it wasn't like a small red dot. It was... Then my boyfriend's house, the sink, is outside the toilet. Not in the toilet. So I cannot close the door. So I was in the kitchen, openly scrubbing my bloodstained bed sheets, and then his mom walked out on her room. She opened the door, then she very happily tell me, good morning, Charmin. Then it was like, good morning, Auntie. Then she, what happened? Then I stayed in excess bed, oh my god. She never scold me, she tried to take over the sheets and then put into the washing machine and then help me clean the bed with me because the blood actually seep through the bed sheet and then stain the mattress also. So we actually flip the mattress around! It's still there! But if I flip flipping back, I will see that brow patch. I was gonna go on a trip, an overseas trip with my classmates, like the P5 overseas trip, and it was to Nan Nanjing China and it was my first time away from my parents alone together and my friends. Then on the day itself when I got on the school bus I fell asleep and the next thing I knew from one part of Singapore all the way to Chaghi Airport, my whole pants, when I woke up, right, it was a blood bath. It was just red. And I was like, oh my God, why you're all there just need tip or something? What the heck is going on? Then I was, oh shit is my period. When I stood up, right, I felt so bad because like got the blood stain on the on the bus seat. It's not the leather kind, you know, where you can just use the tissue to wipe. It's the cushion kind, you know, where it will soak up. Then I think I tried to take like some tissues or what not. I really try to wipe whatever I could. Then I took the peg, then run to the toilet, then I throw away all the tissues, then I went in the cubicle, I took up my jeans and I looked at it outside. Oh my god, this is like a blood disgusting. It was like one of my heavier spirits I don't know why for a P5 girl I like I was like 11 and why did why did so much blood come out of me I took the video nice spray I spray, or like I took some wet tissue, I really go and spray, then I go and churn my jeans out at the toilet bowl to make sure like everything was dry. Obviously I cannot walk out of the cubicle, half naked right so I think I wore back my jeans and then you know the the the hand dryer I just stood under there and I just keep putting my hand there right so that it knows thatthey can censor my hand. And I stand there and let my jeans dry off with my butt like that. Then with the hand dryer just dry my jeans. And then I went back to meet my classmates, as if nothing happened. I don't have any specific period horror stories, but every time I sneeze during my period it's just like a Niagara Falls just the latest period I had somebody made me laugh damn hard and I was like ha ha ha ha and then in secondary school my school uniform was all white which is a recipe for disaster especially when you are a girl going through puberty and then you don't know how to handle yourself. It was a beautiful assembly morning. I did not wear a pet that was like long enough to cover my ass. You know the kind of pet right is like I think when you are younger you always try to wear that kind of that because you know you active or like you sit down that kind of thing then you will leak at the back right one day I just didn't wear that kind of pet I stood up it was like the Japan flag. Wow I tell you if you have white color school skirts I think you will understand the pain. For 10 years of my life right my school uniform was completely white. And last time, I remember my mother used to say, like, wow, white uniform, damn troublesome. Very, very easy stain. And you know what? That's exactly what happened. It was a Saturday summer. That day just happened, right, we had to go back to school for some school anniversary celebration or something. So can you imagine, right? The whole freaking school is in the auditorium. And then there was a point in time where I think the guest of honor or some important person walked into the building, then everyone need to stand to clap, right? The moment I stand, my cusmate from the back, she turned  me then she oh my god your skirt got stained I like no no no I think you truling me la no no no then then she no no I'm damn sick I'm like the worst part is in front of the few rows of people that were behind me, I still need to like run to the nervous toilet, which is freaking far by the way. And then I had to like explain to my teachers like, because some important person talking in front, then you imagine like this child like to run out from the back. She's like, can you like sit down? Just like that, the person talked, that said, no, no, no, no, you don't understand. I got sicker right now. So I ran out. I mean, at that point in time, it's not possible to hide it from anybody. But also like, you're 13 and like, nobody really cares. So when I remember I need to go to toilet and then it was quite packed so there's only like one cubicle left. Then when I went in I was like why does it smell so funny? So I look over the beam was full with pet and then you can see right some pet is not even wrapped with the tissue paper you know but you can see the red spot and the black stuff. Yeah, then it was damn gross like stacked and you cannot close and on top of that right it still got one pamper you know and it's soaked. When I talk about it I still remember the smell of the pember but a horror story I would say is when I was in the toilet changing my pad so they are like period panties where like the material is a bit like silicone, silicone-ish. Because of that material it's very loud when you remove the pad. So like I could hear like my seniors outside laughing at me when I was changing my pet. Wow this girl change a pet them loud, the whole world also know. So I felt very embarrassed at that point of time to be called out in a sense for changing my pet so loudly. So I think I waited in the toilet for like about 10 minutes and I was very cautious when I left because I wanted to make sure that they went back all the way to the classroom before I even leave the toilet just in case, you know, like, I don't know, maybe they wait for me outside to see who is this girl changing your pet so loudly. I can't control the sound, just changing my pet and like, you're so man straight, right? Like, I've been in a girl school for 10 years. So that means all things periods are super normalized. Sometimes when across the room I say, anybody got a pet, they were just tossed her cross and it's totally normal. So in sec three we were having assembly and we were in the hall and I was sat beside this girl and she was known to be very rebellious and she always be like, you want to fight, you want to fight? And I was really, I was kind of scared of her. But she was friendly to me and I wanted it to stay that way. It was a really boring assembly and she tapped on my back. She was like, Africa. Do you want to see a surprise? First of all, this assembly is really boring. I would love to see a surprise. Second of all, I don't want to piss her off. So I just said, yes, sure. Then she did this for a skirt and then she said look underneath and I was just so bored and brain dead from the assembly I just okay I look it was a massacre down there, it was just blood all the way. It's not like she leaked to anything, she was free bleeding. Free bleeding from her young hearts panties. were like sitting criss-crossed, right? And then she just dragged her butt on the floor. And she left a bloody snail trail on the ground. And I did not know how to react. I was just staring at the trail. I just didn't know what to say. I felt like if I say, why, what are you doing? She's gonna beat me up. If I pointed it out, I would embarrass her. So I did not know what to say. I just like, great. Go school things. Thank you for watching this episode. Let us know in the comments what else you'd like us to share about. Don't forget to like, share and subscribe. Bye.