 On the dating apps, people will, the guys will ask me, oh so you work in the CBD as well? Truthfully, I also work in the CBD. Yeah, yeah, the lunch always very busy in Hawker Center, yeah. Then we get to the point when they will finally ask me about my profession and then I'll just have to tell them. Yeah. My name is Faisai. Morning. And I run a small coffee store in Amo Street Food Center called Coffee Break. I think my friends in the beginning, they don't understand why I would settle to be a hawker. The most common comments that I get would be, can you make money, or you so young, people will buy from you? This is your full-time job? Your income enough? And most times when they find out that I have a bachelor's, they'll be like, oh, so why are you still in a hawker center? Very deliberately my bachelor's is targeted towards this business. Thank you. So I'm actually a major in marketing. It does help in improving the business like our point of sales system, our staffing system. Before I started as a copyhawker, I was actually a full-time athlete. So I used to play beach volleyball for Singapore. The pressures of playing on court versus having to deal with a lunchtime slam with a team behind you has many similarities. So usually our lunch crop starts coming at about 12 p.m. So we're already preparing for a war. It's like a battlefield. I have to depend on my teammates and I have to play to each other's strengths. I'm very vocal and I like the communication. Hot, hot, hot, this is hot. Thank you. For Bicycle also. So usually I am the frontman because one, I can control my team. Every time it thinks you need to have a quick to look at it. And I also can control the customers who are impatient for their drinks. All right, thanks for waiting stuff. Hot, granite, ice, hot, caramel, hot, chocolate. Strong on your lower right. Thank you. Last time in Beach, Vallebour, we were signal, like two, one, you know, behind our backs. And it's more efficient. So, same, we also have a lot of short forms in writing our orders, because when someone orders a gopi gau, shou, tai, guise, buaschie, you know, you cannot spell out the entire. So you have to shorthand it, lo! Kobi, all iocosong, Dilo! and then to see we're going to go to their tfay. I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm going to the them. You wouldn't think they would be to give them their the them? I'd think they'd be to give them their tea ti-sizz. No. I just will tell them, one thear their need to to thear. Acknowler's their to'er. M'oeuvre their to'erunner's times. We had a customer since my dad's time. And we first started out. He actually told us, Faye, your coffee actually really sucked from the start. But it's because I believe in your father, and then I believe in his children. That's why I gave you guys a chance and stuck by you. We weren't always good when we first started out and very thankful for regulars who stuck by us. And that's what we need. Bobby C. Should I? Bye. I just think it's quite special. My personal bottle is to be reliable, to be here for my staff, my customers, every day without fail, when we say we are going to be here. I do see myself doing this for the rest of my life. I enjoy the service, the rush, the adrenaline that comes every time I work a slam. When I'm older probably my heart cannot take it but until I cannot I will keep doing it. you