 I find it quite therapeutic to clean dishes. You have no cares in the world. In Hoffman we say, Lapsabzia, it's like, you eat dirty, you grow up dirty. Sometimes I ask what am I doing in my life. When I first started as a dishwasher, it was a real struggle. I was very scared of the dirt and the field. Man because of the smell it would make you like gag. Heeding is the bread and butter of my family. My mom she actually has been in this line for quite a while now a couple of decades in fact. I really respect her a lot because she is so breadwinner she brought me and my sister up single-handedly. I was faced with the decision on whether I should go to uni or come into this dishwashing line to help my mom. But I realize that maybe you don't need a degree to wash dishes. Yeah, I don't think she can keep going at this pace much longer. So yeah, I just needed to step in to help elevate this burden of her. Thank you. My colleagues are all very old. Yeah, they're like my Amma like it. If you want to manage something you have to learn the nature of it and the best way is by doing it and if they have had anything that they're struggling with or things that could be improved in terms of processes. Yeah, I wanted to make that change. It was also tough because sometimes when I bump into people that I actually know, they would see like, oh, how bad did he messed up his life to be cleaning today and like washing dishes or like during the trash. If I were to say like oh yeah this is my mom's company. I'm working. I feel that it's very snobbish. It discredits all the hard work that I put in. Being a seven doesn't mean that you're the lowest. In fact it's a joy to serve people. Growing up without a dead, it made me somewhat insecure sometimes, but it was in church that I found my confidence. So I think growing up like that, it has also stuck with me that I can find joy in serving people. I started to turn my coping mechanism to humor. So if people like ask me, I'll tell you a boy, Nien-Ching, I'll tell him, oh, since I'm having to hunching how, times are tough. Whatever puts food on the table. Gotta keep dripping ripping just yet. This is really an honest living and you're serving the society and you're doing something that not many people wants to do. It just so happens that for me it's cleaning and might not be the most glamorous but yeah it's still a form of serving people. They are always just in the background, but they are the invisible falls that keeps your everyday life running. So I just hope that next time anyone sees a younger person cleaning, it's not because they messed up their life, but it is still an honest job. It is what put food on the table for an assistant and I growing up. You're going to.