 My friends and I were having a couple of drinks and my friend just said, look how charcoal you use. I said, I used Japanese soap. He said, hey bro, burning up, right? Wow, very pretentious. I think that was the best name we got so we just stuck with it. Hi, my name is Jeremy. I'm the owner of Burning Oak and I will be operating about 4 to 5 years now. Burning Oak we are a Don Bury place which is rice and meat on top. So what we really specialize in is chagrue meats. We use only Japanese chaco and wood chaco to grow all our items. We are selling quite a lot of upscale things in such an environment. We actually started with skewers. And now we have only one skewers which is which is our Shorrips Kigera. The idea was conceived when I was walking in the streets of Japan with my parents. We saw this place owned by a Japanese, and he knew all his guests. He knew exactly what they wanted when they came in and I wanted to create something similar here. When we first started it was challenging a lot of people were very skeptical about this place. Waste of my money, we'd be back to close, you service our things. I think a lot of motivation comes intrinsically where we see that we can produce results that nobody thought that we could. Take what you think is constructive from this hating and apply effectively to yourself. Ultimately, it's a hidden gem to them. It's like a surprise fine in such an area. The charcoal itself, when it burns, it burns at a higher temperature. So everything is nicely see and the smoky flavor is different. A lot of people say this is a taste of earlier times. I found out that I like cooking when I was 14. It was difficult to come out as someone that wants to pursue this. My parents, and I explored the option of going to a culinary program. For me it was I was pretty certain that I was going to follow this path all the way. I guess I knew what I wanted to do since I was 14. Every hawker there's a story and it just so happens that I'm younger. Young people should pave the way for other younger people to let them see that actually it's doable. I encourage more young people to explore the option of being a hocker to push boundaries of what a new-edge hocker center could be because there's a lot of emphasis on younger generations being a full entrepreneur. I want to be a farmer, like for real for real for someone. For real for someone that really likes to cook. I think it's important for me to get in touch with the produce the livestock the whole chain that I'm not currently exposed to. It gives a deeper sense of appreciation of people who are actually doing this. They learn to treasure the ingredients more. I think really that's the ultimate goal, you know, just to, you know, wear some chickens, feed some pigs, and some cows and water some floods. And what does on runs. You're going to.