 C-R-E-O-B-E. Sorry, this one is one. What you think of my sign. Little bit hard. You understand, right? Little the video is out he better checks up like those. I skate later the deaf Committee is going. I'm Weizier, I'm one of the co-founters of Four Coffee. Hi, my name, S-A-L-A-H-U-D-I-N, I do service and prepare food and drinks and cashiering as well. If customer come in, how you communicate with them. So a customer will write and point at the menu and I'll write with PAD iPad, your H-Inn scaled on you, better be it. While Din is there, we also have James with autism and Joshua with mild intellectual disability. If there's no din, they will take a longer time to do things. He is the one that would push them to do faster and to meet timing. For YouTube Island, the alphabet song. There are other stuff is either he or Paulin teach. What will make you feel very, very angry. It's more of the things in the cafe which they forgot how to do and then you'll just be more patient to teach them again repeatedly. Sometimes people with specialists do get anxious easily because of sudden changes in the environment or if you try to throw them in an unexpected situation. So that's the thing with working with my supervisors. They are very, very patient people and that's why I also need to come in and tell them they have to share with me and not just keep quiet to themselves. They also didn't want me to worry about it. He put me quite a few skills, like the cutting skills in using the knife and he's a very kind and caring person and it's also very encouraging. For you who worried you cannot find job? Hard to find job with death. So you share with your family that you are the supervisor and then you are surprised. Yeah. What made you feel happy, working here? The staff, the customers, and with other supervisors. They go out many times together. The idea for a social enterprise came about during my undergraduate years learning about the different marginalized communities and feeling injustice. I know how it feels like to not be included in activities with friends and so and so forth. So if these group of people in our society are being left out, how can I then create something on the largest scale for other people to also accept them meaningfully into society? We don't put up signs to say that we have people a disability, because my staff also want to manage many customers that come along the way. I think that's part of the job that we all want to do, regardless of disabilities. You're going to.