 I don't know how we display our own science of aggression. Maybe we take up a textbook. Hi I'm happy's Gave. Hi I'm Brian. This is Zula Chik Chit Chats. Okay so in today's episode of Chick Chats, we will be talking about boy school culture. Okay, before we start, tell us which school you guys are from? Okay, so I was from Reffles Institution from 7 to sec 4 today was my boy boy not boys but it was my boy school period I was from St Michael's primary school now known as St Joseph's Jr. Then after that I went on to Tomo S Jack. I went to St Stephen's for primary school and then I went to St. Betts, otherwise known as St Patrick's School for six, four years in secondary school. Yeah. So, I was not from a boy school, but I was from C. H. I. I. Talking about the experiences that you guys had going to school. Harbiz maybe you can start off with you. You know why? Because you came from co-ed school first and then you went into a school school. So how was that for you? OK for me it was quite a game changer because back in my school I was I was very shy well I remember some girls like used to bully me last time. Yeah they did it so I was eating food and then they took my fork and ran away and I couldn't eat. So when I went to secondary school it was all boys then like I didn't have girls to like disturb me or bully me. Carefuls like the brothers when you think of it you would think like well you just be like a bunch of nerds or like people who just want to study but yeah the friends that I mixed with were mostly quite rowdy like then like yeah maybe that's why I'm like this now but but it was an interesting change for you guys this similar experience like the school very like the boys school very roundy because this is what I think of boys school. We would get up to a lot of nonsense like, you know, like play pranks on teachers, each other. We'll find, like you go through like the highs and lows all together, right? Yeah. So I don't know if it's like a thing for mixed schools where there are girls, but as in for an all boy school we used to get like public killing every day. Like not everybody like those that means. Not by one another. Yeah. Do you have any cases of like bullying in school? I was the bully. Okay. Okay. I didn't consider bullying. Essentially it was just my girlfriends. We didn't bully anyone. I don't know I think it's a big group thing. I just like think this guy looks funny or something. They're all the time my friends. The guys you know this guy he's specs right, this degree 1,000 degrees. You are at an hour, okay, okay, then everybody will rush to this person class, right? And stand up six guys and see them, then we call him an hour. Okay, then man, then there. There is so many, how he has not finished bullying. It's a bullying! Okay, but I understand what you're trying to say is that you're just making fun that kind of thing, but then ultimately speaking is bullying, like, I guess. Yeah, I think at the time when we're all like boys and like childish we didn't know better though yeah I think for me and my girlfriend is very similar to what I give is just a shit. So it's just the dynamics of our group of when something funny happens or when someone says something funny then we just like attack the person. Okay, okay. Yeah, and that person can still be one of our friends. Is it very normal to have fights in school? In my school, no. My is like, everyday there was a fight. So the most epic one, right? And this was like a Buddhist case. Oh my God. There was this two friends, so they were having a conversation during recess. And then his friend apparently said that his girlfriend is very ugly. So he got very angry and loud up that he took his fork and he spent. He looked his story. Yes, yes, yes. So he became known as like the fork stable. The friend that got a sitting to the head. Yeah, yeah. Then the friend where the hospital, right? Up early at like was sitting to the head. Yeah, then the friend where was we told right up here like four dots on the head. Gee is, oh, is going to solid. What? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? The fuck? So like, words spread naturally then our principal told us during like the assembly said if there are news reporters outside the school please don't talk to anybody but everyone spoke to the reporter. Oh my God! Do you have like crushes on the female teachers? Definitely. Very normal for me. Okay. Especially because from an all-boys school, right? There are no females around except the teachers. Yeah. especially because I see these teachers all the time and they care themselves in a certain way that makes me a little bit more attractive to characters is like like that in other girls. Crushes I I wouldn't say like a serious, oh my gmam, I love you. Meme, yeah. Oh no, good, I did. Yeah, I do. Yeah, I was a guy I know, they know how teachers when they talked, then they walked down the road. Then he put his elbow at the corner of the desk then when her butt like grazed his elbow right then he's in and he hit with teeth then she's like oh sorry then he's like oh no sorry sorry but actually he was like, oh no, sorry, but actually he was like didn't intentionally. Actually his sexual harassment and everything about this. So there was one time there was this really teacher. The class she had to really for a very rowdy class and basically like they took off their shirts and it started doing this around her. I'll be terrified if I was in her position. I don't know if it's sexual or not, what's your there in that case. I think like especially now if it's in a 2019 context right it's definitely sexual arrest. Yeah, well ten years ago it was still sexual arrest when it was still in decency. Not that it was overlooked. Yeah. It was. Okay. I guess under the rub. So is there any like ranking between the boys school? Do you all have a particular personal notion of any other school? Do you like this school? You don't like this school? That kind of thing. I think for me for our boys because I think our top rivals would be Catholic cat-high boys because firstly we are within the same vicinity every time when we see a cat-high boy or what I don't know how we display like our own science of aggression. But it's all just like mindless banter. Amongst ourselves. Sometimes when I see all right boys, I think what these people just take our uniform, but then put arabets. Oh my God, are you not saying really firm? Wait, all at all, yeah. Oh my God, the same uniform, what done? I think for San Feats, right? Like we honestly did not give two shits about the academic ranking like but for some reason I don't know why we always dislike SGI yeah like always felt like SGI was like the the nardier and cool version of us. Yeah, eventually we outgrow that because after we were like brothers school. You mentioned something about like what the Sempets boys who go to the don't know where to see the Casey girls. What was that you said yeah so basically after school every day right there were a few like hot spots where sempats boys would go to to like look at as a se se like Casey girls. Okay. Yeah. So we always would go to like Sigma Max or Poi Parade or like the Marine Parade in the market area. SGI, the nearest school to us like literally like 5, like 5 meters down is SEGS. What I've heard is that all the younger boys used to walk over the SEGS and they tried big inside. But I thinkG.S. girls didn't give a damn about us. Most of the time if you're not wrong, you'll be the S.C.S. girls with the ACS guys. G.S. girls are not. Okay, it's funny as it is. The hotspot for me, for my friends at least was Michelle Highbury. What? I think they got quite close to a group of R. G. S. G. G. G. S. G. G. G. S. G. So what they would do is have study sessions after school. We move on to maybe talking about some mixed sections or assumptions people have about boys school boys yeah and then actually one of them was because I did the episode on the girls school culture right and then everybody's like oh all girls go school girls are you as feeling thing. Is it the opposite for guys today? People have the assumption that all of you all are gay. I think there's definitely like a percentage in sempats like but we always use to make for of SGI of being like the gay or school I don't know why. Maybe because of the stuff that we do together when we are in school we would strip someone down to his underwear in class right like right after class ends and then just give you means like a lot below. No, no, but he's our friend. Okay. Maybe there's five people call us. Okay, like we know we are not. I think maybe it stems from like how close we are as like bros. Yeah, so like we stay over each other's house like get each other's ears. One of the things that some ask me to us is that boys school boys are homophobic then because people make all these comments as well. I think in Samphats is really quite tall, like. There was this guy who posted on his block that he went on a date with a guy from another school. That was like a Saturday or something where he posted. Then after that weekend he came back on the Monday, right? Everyone just started like shouting at him like, hey gay, gay. Then like people would throw tisho a lot of him. People would throw like their things at him. Then he just walked down the corridor but he wasn't like affected. What is the same for y'all? We knew who was gay, but we didn't, uh, we didn't, uh, we didn't, nobody believed. One of the girls asked me to ask your, do you play soccer every recess. I want to say every recess like there are days where we have to really eat because they are very hungry right? I wasn't what the soccer click yeah. The best is the soccer school. Yeah it's the soccer school. Oh it did. So you're known for like playing soccer. So non-mus conception right is that boys school boys are very rich. My perception is that all boys school for example like a yes or st Andrews are the rich ones okay yeah then sempats like no I think for a right maybe because it's the branding laws. How you put that that image of an ar right boy that they portray or they like to push out is someone who's very very proper. It's like my come across as coming from a rich family or wealthy background, even though there are people who are very rich and stuff, but I think at the end of the day they didn't really use this to look down on other people. I don't know why people see that because I don't know if about now but back then there was this program called something about welfare assistance for the the more underprivileged kids, no doubt I have to say that some of us come from an above average household. Even in school, right, they teach us to be independent of our parents especially in terms of like finances so as much as I came from an above average house so right I was actually some simple dog I was living like day to day on the $2 and mother gimme. Maybe because we are in independent school, the more wealthier parents are more willing to spend a little bit more money to send their child to I guess an all girls or an all boys school. People assume boys are like very more elite. I think it would be a lot from like the R.. I also because R. I also a very elite school. I think I did not really boils down to who you as a person, like regardless of what school you come from and also the kind of friends you mixed with. For me I couldn't really experience any of these pretentious Nietzsche or elitist mindset. All the perceptions are created by our parents generation. Then they just like pass down for us, you know, and then that's what we think. Looking back at your younger self, do you have any advice for yourself or advice for people who are currently in a boy school. I think for boys school at least sometimes you might get too carried away in terms of like having too much fun with your friends. But I think you still have to take note of how important academics actually is also. It's not something that you can just throw away, but instead use your dynamics as a bruise group to encourage each other or push shadow. And that's really the influence that we have for one another I would say is very very strong. It's good to send a candy for maybe an hour and just like just dock shit because this is how boy school boys bond. If I have kids in the future I would still send them to like some pets or if it's a daughter send them to I. Yeah because I think the culture is very unique. I think it's good to take away with all that you know no matter what school you go to is you need to work like hard and be yourself, make good friends and that's great, don't discriminate based on your school. Okay, so we don't say if you've concluded this episode, Chichche has talking about Boy School culture and if you guys are from Boy School and you feel like you want to add on to any of the comments that the cast have mentioned feel free to leave in the comments down below and also let us know what else to talk about next time and then don't forget to like, share and subscribe. Bye bye.