 When I was at my peak I spent most of whatever I earned it got nice goody I own couple of like three watches. Really a lowest point of my life I I was homeless and I never tell anyone because I was very embarrassed. I was a school for a couple of days I go to Changi. But I was thinking a question to myself, what can I do to get myself out of this? Some people, they are very good with meds, yeah, I'm not good with meds, but I'm good at their dreaming, that's my biggest talent, they dreaming. I do love for many people. I like to travel and I like images. I shoot everything, you know, I go to bus stop, public area, I just shoot randomly. I learn aesthetic from there. I don't go to Salem school but I got lucky. In a way because we need the right people. So I met this Japanese boss, Modi. She sent me to Japanese construction in Singapore. At that point I get quite good income because it's hard to penetrate with Japanese construction. I never see this amount of money before. Financially, I'm not taught now to say money. My circle of friends, I come from money, they are so they go party, they have nice cars and so on. I was influenced by my surrounding. Then I got to watches like Omega, Rolex. At one point, I was feeling a good life, so called. But like me saw a bit of roses. After 8 years, Modi passed on. Things get bad then, Provet started, right? Everything disrupted, especially the construction area. I was a freelancer, about a year plus, a project getting lesser and lesser, so I don't have enough income. I sold everything, you know, I don't have enough income. I sold everything you know I don't have any more camera I have just enough money to buy a tent then with me I just a small little bag remember one time I caught my mom so my mom asked me hey, hey where are you? I said I'm good. I'm at my friend place thinking maybe my son is doing quite good no? Yeah somewhere because I seldom see my mom. I feel like I'm let down. That point I was really very hungry and people next to me they are barbecuing that is the saddest part of my life. One day I feel a pin in my ear when I close my eyes so I can see red, blue, purple, you know. So I didn't know actually something is happening inside my head. I was wounded, so I was diagnosed with a stroke. Due to my condition, it was very hard for me to apply for a job. When I was hospitalized I met this social worker connected me to nowhere. My first impression I thought he's a young man because when he spoke to me he sounds very jovial energetic. He tells me that not to worry because he's there to guide me and help me, revamp my resume. We're just outdated, right? In terms of his personality, he's a fighter. he's a survivor, so he went to do grab, he went to take on part-time jobs that comes his way. So this is something that I really admire him. When he shared with me his situation, I was able to empathize with him. And I guess that also helped him to move on because he had a listening year and from there he can work towards getting employment. Most of my life, I'm alone, I'm on my own. You know, it's like a heaven's head, no, when nowhere called me. Because at that time, I was quite desperate, you know. One thing that I noticed is he has grown in terms of this confidence, right? And what I see is along the way, he bounced back faster from adversity. With the help in a way, I landed a. So this is actually much needed for me to support myself. The way I describe my life is like a roller coaster because there be a lot of up and a lot of downs. But you have to be kind to yourself and acknowledge your weakness and have faith. So I accept my situation now. I cannot get back whatever I lost in the past. So what I can do is just look ahead and make my life better. Now I'm looking forward to my coming DTO. I always wanted to have my own home, so I'm very happy and I'm looking forward to be living in that house. My name is Rafi and I'm 51 years old and I'm doing my best in life. You're going to be here.