 She was like Africa, do you want to see a surprise? And she did this for a skirt and then she said look underneath and look It was a massacre down there. It was just blood all the way. Do you have any period horror stories? There's so many, I cannot even begin to tell you how many that are. The story I'm about to tell you has a title. The title is, Do men not have dust pins in their toilets? It all started when I was hanging out with this guy at his house. So we were just playing video games and stuff. Nothing, nothing suspicious, okay? We were just playing video games. After a while I went to the toilet like just to do normal toilet stuff then I realized oh need to change my bed so I just you know I started changing my pet. You know how girls like the pet, they will take the pet and then they will wrap in toilet people, then they will throw it away. So I had my little pet in toilet paper ball just us holding it. Then I looked around. And I was like, there's no dustbin anywhere inside. In my head, I was like, this guy has a surround sound gaming system. He has a walk-in wardrobe, he doesn't have a dustbin in his toilet. And then he's like outside and he's like, you okay? And I'm like, I don't want to tell him that I have nowhere to throw my pad. So I really sat in there for 10 minutes trying to figure out what to do and then eventually somehow somewhere I got a plastic bag and I started into my plastic bag and I tied up and then I like shoved in my pocket. Then I was like I came out of the toilet and I was like ha ha I need to go home now. They was like what? I was like bye! Then I used myself out of there. If you are a male viewer you are watching this video and you are male can you tell me do you have a dustbin in your toilet like I'm perplexed I was staying over at my current fiance's place so at that time he was my boyfriend and I stained his bed. His mom is the one that does the laundries. Like he will change it, he knows how to change it, but the laundry is all her because, you know, like old people that have their own way of doing laundry, right? So Bopien have to go through her. My now mother-in-law, she changed my patient with my blood, but she didn't judge me on any teacher. She said, oh, okay, then she just like changed. So like she was really, very nice about it. I wanted to die. T.L D. I stayed my boyfriend's bed. I was so traumatized by it. I can even remember the exact date. It was genius did the first of jam. We were sleeping and then I woke up because I felt like my dowel day wet and I was like shit the I wet the bit then I looked like blah la plus right it wasn't like a small red dot it was then my boyfriend's house the sink is outside the toilet. Not in the toilet. So I cannot close the door. So I was in the kitchen, openly scrubbing my blood-stained bed sheets. And then his mom walked out on her room. She'll open the door then she very happily tell me, the morning Charmaine. That was like, good morning I'm day. Then she, what happened? They're like, I stayed at the access bed, la, oh my God. She has called me, she should stick over the sheets and then put it into the washing machine and then help me clean the bed with me because the blood actually seep through the bed sheet and then stain the mattress so soon. So we actually flip the mattress around. It's still there.'m flipping back, I will see that brow patch. I was going to go on a trip, an overseas trip with my classmates, like the P5 overseas trip, and it was to Nanjing China and it was my first time away from my parents alone together and my friends. Then on the day itself when I got on the school bus I first and the next thing I knew from one part of Singapore all the way to Chaggy Airport, my whole pen to like when I woke up right, it was a bloodbath. It was just red. And I was like, oh my God, why not your first blood there just me tea or something? What the what the heck is going on? Now I was like oh shit is my period when I stood up right I felt so bad because like got the bloodstained on the on the bus seat. It's not the leather kind you know where you can just use your tissue to wipe. It's the cushion kind you know where it was soaked up. Then I think I tried to take like some tissues or whatnot. I really try to wipe whatever I could. That took the cat, then run the other, like show all the tissues, I went in the typical, I took up my jeans and I looked at it and I was like, oh my God, this is like a bloodbath. It was so disgusting. It was like one of my heavier spirits. I don't know why for a P5 girl. I was like 11th Why did why did so much blood come out on me? I took the video now I spray I spray water or like I took some wet tissue like I really good spray like I got my jeans out at the toilet bowl to make sure like everything was dry obviously I cannot walk out of the cubicle like half naked right so I think I wore back my jeans and then you know the the hand dryer I just stood under there and I just keep putting my hand there so that it knows that they can censor my hand. I stand there and let my jeans dry off with my butt like, like that. Then with the hand dryer just drying my dream. And I went back to meet my classmates. I see nothing happen. I don't have any specific period horror stories, but every time I sneeze during my period is just like a Niagara Falls just the later's period I had somebody made me laugh damn hard and I was like, ha ha ha ha! In secondary school, my school uniform was all white, which is a recipe for disaster, especially when you are a girl going through puberty and then you don't know how to handle yourself. It was a beautiful assembly morning. I did not wear a pet that was like long enough to cover my ass, you know, the kind of pet, right? It's like, I think when you are younger you always try to wear that kind of back because you know you're active or like you sit down that kind of thing then you leak at the back right? One day I just didn't wear that kind of pat. I stood up it was like the Japan flag. Wow I tell you if you have white color school's girls I think you will understand the bin. For 10 years of my life right right? My school uniform was at completely white. And last time I remember my mother used to say like, wow, white uniform, damn troublesome, very, very easy-stained. And you know what? That's exactly what happened. It was a Saturday some more. That day just happened, right, we had to go back to school for some school anniversary celebration or something. So can you imagine, right? The whole freaking school is in the auditorium. And then there was a point in time where I think the guest of honor or some important person walked into the building that everyone needs to stand to clap right? The moment I stand my classmate from the back she turned to me and then she, oh my God, your skirt got stained. I like, no, no, no, no, I think you're controlling me, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm damn, I like. The worst part is in front of the few rows of people that were behind me, right? I still need to like run to the nervous toilet, which is freaking far by the way. And then I had to like explain to my teachers, like, because some important person talking in front, then you imagine like this child like trying to run off on the back. And she's like, can you like, sit down just like that the person to officer, they say, no, no, no, you don't understand, I got to go now, I got sicker. I mean, at that point in time, it's not possible to hide it from anybody, but also like you're the tin and like nobody, nobody really cares. So when I remember I need to go to toilet and then it was quite packed so that's only like one cub girl left. And when I went in I was like, what did it smell so funny. So I look over. The beam was full with pet, and then you can see where some pet is not even wrapped with the tissue paper, you know, but you can see the red squat and the black stuff. Yeah, la, then it was then gross, like stacked and you cannot close. And on top of that, right? Still got one pamper, you know, and it's soo. When I talk about it I still remember the smell of the pepper but. A horror story I would say is when I was in the toilet changing my pet so there are like period bandies where where the material is a bit like siliconish because of that material is very loud when you remove the pad so like I could hear like my seniors outside laughing at me when I was changing my pet. Wow this girl, change your pet, I'm like, the whole, I also know. So I felt very embarrassed at that point of time to be called out in a sense for changing my pet so loudly. So I think I waited in the toilet for like about 10 minutes and I was very cautious when I left because I wanted to make sure that they went back all the way to their classroom before I even leave the toilet just in case you know like I don't know maybe they wait for me outside to see who is this girl changing your pet so lovely I can't control the sum I'm just changing my pet and like you're so menstruate right like I've been in a girl school for 10 years, so that means all things periods are super normalized. Sometimes, and across the room, I say, anybody got a pet, they were just toss her cross and it's totally normal. So in sec three we were having assembly and we were in the hall and I was sat beside this girl and she was known to be very rebellious and she always be like I want to fight you want to fire and I was I was kind of scared of her but she was friendly to me and I and I wanted it to stay that way it was a really boring assembly and she tapped on my back. She was like, Africa, do you want to see a surprise? First of all, this assembly is really boring. I would love to see a surprise. Second of all, I don't want to piss up off so I just said, yes, sure. Then she did this, for a skirt and then she said look underneath and I was just so bored and brain dead from the assembly I just okay I look it was a massacre down there. It was just blood all the way. It's not like she leaked to anything. She was free bleeding. Free bleeding from her young heart spenties. We were sitting criss-crows, right? And then she just dragged her butt on the floor. And she left a bloody snail trail on the ground, and I did not know how to react. I was just staring at the trail. I just didn't know what to say. I felt like if I said, why, what are you doing? She's gonna beat me up. If I pointed it out, I would embarrass her. So I did not know what to say. I just like, great, go school things. Thank you for watching this episode. Let us know in the comments what else you'd like us to share about. Don't forget to like, share and subscribe. Bye!