 Your bones are brittle, you should not climb. A lot of people will tell you at 67 is dangerous. When I reached the top I have lots of claps and then they will... Then how to tell them. Shh! Almost every gym that I go they know I'm anti-dolly. I don't mind that because I think anti is a a safer of wisdom. When I was in my early 50s, I was in my early 50s and I was having a bad problem she saw me doing stretching and then she says since you're stretching why don't you go and stretch on the wall she taught me the way to climb. Very fierce. Very fierce. Anything wrong with it I was worried like my mom might fall like scrap her wrist hit the head I think that was my worst fear but when she got the sudden heart I'm like okay pay me one million dollars before I let you down. Yeah then if I don't finish you won't let me down. When you reach the top you find that you have accomplished something I learn to be more confident and until now I don't have bad eggs. It also overcomes my heightful beer. Right now any hanging bridge you gave me, no problem. My first climb to outdoor was in Taiwan. You don't feel like you're climbing that high up. You find that old, the scenery is all nice. I was very fortunate, I have good friends around that climbs with me, so I brought my mom along. Now they go on holidays, they go without me. When I hang out with her friends, I don't think I am any older than them. You can do it, I can do it also, yeah. One thing I learned from a trolley, is to have a towel on my harness and bedroom stippers when I climb so that my feet don't get dirty. I think she becomes socially younger. I know not many young ones things that the old ones are worth mixing with. They find they are negy, but her friends are all very sweet. They are always eager there to help you. I may slowly slow down but I will not give up. In fact I come with two senior climbers both are older than me. It's a matter of you stepping out of your comfort zone, only. Yeah, I think anyone can climb. I'm 18, and if I can climb, anyone can climb. She doesn't look to crush the hardest route, but also to like support people when they climb. She pushes boundary. I'm proud of my mother. It's the first time I hear from her that she looked up to me. The