 I think being unwanted is a thing that I struggle with my whole life. Your birth parents don't are you. Your adoptive parents aren't showing you enough love and attention. So it feels like you unwanted since birth and at home. Growing up, I used to get into disagreements with my parents. However, as I grew older, I learned that parent-child relationships are not easy to navigate. On this episode I can ask me, I speak to Dewey, who at two years old, found out she was adopted by her parents. Okay, the first question is, how did you find out you were adopted? I remember I was two years old and I was at the, okay, in my memory, right, I remember like a dining table. I remember I was so short like the dining table was like over here. You know I was just sitting there and then like my girl mom and my mom was in the midst of a conversation, they talked about me being a doctor. Then I was like, huh? Wait, I was adopted? Then my mom was just kind of like, yeah. But then I think it was only when I grew up I go school right that I realized actually everyone's mother is their real mother then I'm the only one with the what fake mother it's a very very weird feeling the thing is I still see her as my mother because I still call her mommy and everything right but it's like when I see other people's parents do certain things for their kids and she don't do it right? The thing that will come in my head will be, oh, is she not doing this because she's not my mom? Do you think like if you ever adopt your own children would let them know it until you're age? Hell no, because I know personally that some of them might not be able to like process it. I don't want them to see me the way I saw my mom because once that taught registers right anytime my mom like treats me badly or anytime I feel a sense of unfairness right I'll redirect it to the fact that oh I'm a doctor Next one. Did you feel unwanted? Of course, man. I think being unwanted is a thing that I struggle with my whole life, right? Because like in my head, especially as a kid there was immature above parents do on you your adoptive parents aren't showing you enough love and attention so it feels like you unwanted since wealth and at home. It always feels like I have to overcompensate. Yeah, so I think that's a reason why I'm so like quite loud. I feel like I have to be able to make people laugh. I mean I love to make people laugh but like it sometimes also feels I have to to their sense of validation like, hey, okay, I like this girl. I want her to be my friend, that kind of thing. Yeah, I remember I had this one friend that I was very close to at the time, her mom came to pick her up. And then their relationship was very like, very close. They were almost like best friends. Then I was like, oh shit. Then I got very jealous. Yeah, I remember I cried in the car. Do you think like those emotions are still something that you feel about now. Oh no! I feel like your childhood will still always like how you say haunt you no matter what. And especially because like, I really struggled with the whole adoption and being unwanted thing for like so long. In my head of school my above balance, it would be like, if you can't raise a kid, don't give birth to me and like put me in this world with this bunch of stupid parents, especially my mom right? It's like if you don't even show me that you love me, then like, why are you scolding me and treating me like that? And that's why we had a very, very bad relationship. I felt really lonely. I felt... It was in secondary school, right? I thought myself, you know what? I think I'm alone in this world and I think only I can get what I want in life. I think that was like the main idea and feeling that felt like drop my teenagers. But I was not impending of people right? I would feel like I'm losing control again so I still struggle with it like every day would you look for your biological parents? I would say no now because I don't really have time for that because if I find them and I know how I'll feel if I find them, I don't know how I feel if I actually meet, I think it will be a mix of emotions, but I feel like eventually as life go by, I feel like it will be one of my life missions to really just meet who gave both to me who made me. For example, some of thems I can be very emotional. Sometimes I can be a bit too angry. Sometimes I'll ask myself to I get these traits from my birth parents so I've always wanted to like get to know them as a person right and see if there are any similarities between me and them. And actually, yeah, I actually know how I think about that, I would love to get to know that as a person, see how they are. Yeah. But now at this point, why do you think? I think the possum is angry, right? It's not me. It's the child that's inside of me. But it's like if I think as present me who is a bit more mature as compared to back then, right? I don't feel angry. I just feel curious. But I can always feel this like anger inside of me like deep deep down. I think it would be closure for the younger me who are so angry at her above mom. We'll be closure for her. I don't need closure, I'm good. My thing she does. Yeah. What does family mean to you? I feel that I'm on the episode of Bali. Okay, no one in my family is biologically related to each other. My brother is adopted. But then I think to me now, family is, I think it's just beyond blood, like. I think that makes us more of a family actually if you really think about it. Because there are families out there that are related, but they don't even treat each other like family. I feel like pregnant ladies, right? They have nine months to register that, okay, they have a kid instead of them. but my mom didn't have that it's just like he has a kid the care of it love it disappointed and I think my mom's quite like now I understand that like she's super strong and amazing for being able to do that but then back then I didn't understand that. I remember like one day I just got so drunk. I had drunk pecked my own mom. I said, mommy I'm so sorry I was so ungrateful I should have been more grateful I realized that if I stopped being grateful right maybe I'll be happier and it worked. Right now I feel like when I think about my future it always involves my parents and my family like last time it was really selfish it was just me and my future. But eventually I hope I'll be rich enough, right? So my father can retire. Because I always feel like my father work very hard. I want him to be able to retire at the age where he can still go out, go play golf. He still enjoy life with my mom. Yeah, that's a dream. Would you adopt children in the future? Yes, a big yes. I love kids, that's one. I still think that adoption is as beautiful as a thing as pregnancy is. But then I think I will try to conceive first. If I give birth, right, the kid will be the first person I know or have met that is like biologically related to me. Yeah, I think I'll feel like I'm not alone anymore and I think it'll be the best feeling in the world because I, the younger me would say I finally have a family. Thank you for giving me life. Yeah, thank you for giving me a chance to like. Giving me the chance to live life and giving me the chance to live life and giving me the potential to be great at life. I think even though we went through a lot I think it really made me the person that I am today. I mean yeah there are things that they could have certainly done better for sure but no one taught them to be parents and I think that they really did their best. So yeah I think I owe it to them for bringing me up and people can give both the kids but to raise a kid right I think it's hard yeah they are more often than there are parents which says a lot yeah because not everyone can be a parent. I hope you enjoyed this episode of Canas Megh. I hope that this episode allowed you to reflect on the old relationship for parents as well. If you enjoyed this video, don't forget to subscribe and hit the notification button. Thank you for watching.