 It came as kind of a blind side for me because I was let go from my job at midnight place rejection? Scali this episode one of us will get rejected. Stay tuned to the end of the episode. To see who get fired. No, just kidding. No, no, no, no, no. How do you deal with rejections? No. What? Are you rejecting me? And my question? My first experience with rejection, I was always remember. I was 15, 16? And I plucked out of my courage to like call this guy to ask him up for prom. And he said no. Not like I think I'm the best person out there, but yeah, I thought we were pretty good friends. Why are you to say yes? Yeah, so bold, yeah. If you're out there watching like this person. Yeah, you said no to Wendy and hello. Hello. feel a lot from my work rejections. But for the 22 one, it came as kind of a blind sight for me because I was let go from my job and I'm just like I have a Zoom call schedule and then like I entered a Zoom call like okay cool what's like this about and then it's like so you have 15 days left and you're 15 days now and you are just not right fit for the company and we felt that it's better this way and you don't have to work the next 15 days your work stops today. You just straight away that day? Yeah. So I asked so I say so why like you know is there something I can do or is that something I wasn't doing all he said was just you're not a right fit for the company like am I such a bad person like that you have to cut me off now and it's not even I work the next like notice you know it's like now and gone you're gone. I was super sad that night when it happened because at midnight of Singapore time I was locked out of everything already, yeah. On the day itself? The day is what the bad? So I was like, the thing with mine I was like, what did you? That offend you, did I? Like, why is it so like cut like so cut throw it okay also cut throw and cold yeah anyway so I felt so upset that day because I think I was like wondering like okay so am I just not cut out to do this kind of work? I mean keep background and context it's program managing. Why are you? Because I also came to do project managing. But this is the more creative aspect. Then I wasn't so well versed in content creating and videos and all that. So then it's like I have no experience there then like yeah it's kind of like your security is just gone then would you say they are right when they say you're not a good fit there so after that yes I I mean thinking about it, yeah, I do feel like, okay, if I would have pushed this day, then yes, it would just be me trying to like putting up a friend to work in a place where I don't feel the most passionate in. So in that sense that work rejection sort of like was something good because it let you to find a place that you would feel passionate for. I mean after that I talked to a friend and then after talking to that friend I kind of, okay, that friend is kind of, okay, he, okay, that friend is now my partner, but anyway, he was just saying like, okay, because I have a faith right, so man's rejection is God's direction. So kind of like you may feel like you are rejected in this one area and like you feel like all is lost but it might actually be an opening to another place that you can go and like a different direction you can go to. Sometimes we might be forced to find that silver lining ourselves in order to make the process much more purposeful and enjoyable. Like for for example, I always wanted to be a nurse. Can I tell, right? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I always wanted to be a nurse. So I applied for nursing so many times and I got rejected so many times. I even get so many people to help me write recommendation letter, you know, like my direct, the Red Cross director, my form teacher, everyone I know to write saying that I would make a good nurse. I wouldn't want to see the MP. That's how much you wanted. And then they just say no, like, got no reasoning. Oh, they didn't, they didn't even give any reason. It's just straight up on the computer system. In the way I say it's a there's a silver lining because through the years after the rejection and everything it allowed me to find passion in other areas that I never thought I had like community services It's because I didn't get to the thing right that's why I got myself involved in so many volunteering work So the desire to help people is still there. Yeah, the desire to help people is still there. And I'm like, oh, actually I can help people through this way too. It's not too bad. I'm glad I didn't get accepted because if I did right I don't think I'll be sitting here right I don't think I'll be sitting here right I don't think I'll be sitting here renting about why I can't go in there just Yeah, I guess because I I didn't really face a huge huge work rejections or career rejections because like I was on a scholarship So it really dictated the path that I was going to take. I was going to be an MOE for minimum four years because of the contract. So when I left that job and then traveled and then came back to do a career change. I realized that at 30 right I've never written a CV before and I didn't even have a LinkedIn page because as a teacher you don't need LinkedIn. And sometimes I feel like rejections help you to grow, you know, help you to put yourself out there more, have that confidence because you face that rejection. And so it was very scary for me and I was just like, yeah I wrote a quite a convincing cover letter starting with H is just a number. Oh cute. But like did anyone respond? I mean OGS bit, la. Okay, see, see it works. Would you know what would have happened to you if your scholarship was rejected? Oh, um, I mean I want to have like a nice answer to wait but I was like no like Confum canwen, right? Okay, yeah. Okay, yeah, it's probably a result. Yeah, yeah. I think I can get it. And if I don't get it, then find other scholarship. Because my mom told me like, I need to fund my own university education. So that was really told to me like when I was in JC so that I cannot have I cannot afford to fail yeah but not to say I don't face rejection on a daily basis because of what we do as video journalists we need to find profiles we need to pitch our ideas to our bosses like it's a daily thing. Profiles are going to say no. And then there's no silver lining. It's just no. I have no other option like find another story, find another profile and you know I like that's your best profile that rejected you but you have no choice but to just deal with it. So I think yeah in cases when there's no silver lining then you just need to accept and move on or just have the skin. Yeah, like, I mean like, they're rightly sad. The stakes are different for everybody. Yeah. But I think one thing that was said to me that like really helps in dealing with rejection and like moving on with it is like the worst thing that can happen is they say no. It's true and then the best thing best thing is to get something out of it. So I think when we're talking about this is it still feels quite like millennial concerns. Yeah, we don't have to raise our kids or anything. Whereas for people if they have family and then they face rejection, right? The stakes are a lot bigger. Yeah, yeah. I mean, we definitely do have like more options, given the kind of circumstances that we're in. Like it's really a soft privilege. I think in life you always have a lot of, you will always go through a lot of nose and I don't deny you I would still feel sad yeah like if I don't continue at OJ I still feel sad. Yeah for sure about it. You don't have us in OG. I don't need to experience another like come to T-top's part too. Yeah but I think it's just a perspective switch for me at least personally in my own life. In my mind I turn around and it's like no not you no thank is an ad slot from NAC. Please present as if you are teaching a class. Okay okay everybody wake up listen. Before we continue we would like to thank the National Arts Council for supporting this video and showing us how there's a silver lining behind every rejection. If you're also feeling blocked down by work, why not take a setback and slow down to appreciate live and yet? Enjoy a collaborative performance with the Laurent Boys and Luke Chong from Triple 5 Beat Rocks and NEC's latest that can inspire your everyday campaign. You can also check out the NEC website for more of such performances. Okay now back to the video. Pay attention, yeah? You feel like rejections at work is the worst or other things? If you asked me like, maybe two years ago I would have said yes because my life was like really about work at that time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, what's worse? What's worse? Applied for video get rejected. Oh, that is, that sucks, yeah. Two story happened to be about it. You look at the email for history then, you're just like. I don't think work rejection is my now, it's a big thing for me at home my current boyfriend that if you if this ever I'll fit dams I'll not I would be single for the right in my life. Yeah. You hear that? Well actually that's true I can I take my answer. I was like why in my fiance watches this? They're like, yeah, I can't. Oh yeah in her she chose a BTO in each way. You know. You know. She was like, you go have the BTO yourself. No, okay not. I don't No, I can not. I don't know, I was like, well, yeah, I think. Emotional. You're like anything else that you'll learn from today's session? K, like that sounds any like new insights or take away? Still I learned that I... Yeah right now a reflection now, 100 words. I feel like it's a way of affirmation hearing the way that like other people have like dealt with rejection sort of gives new perspective and it feels nicer to go know that like other people are going through the same thing with you. You're not the only one being rejected. I really started becoming miserly of company, but no, no, no, no. So if you like what you heard today, do like, share and subscribe to our content, and if you face workplace rejection, so I've got more juicy story to tell us tell us in the comment section or if you have advice for us be at workplace or love you can also add a comment. Do the next one. Bye!