 I just think that life is more beautiful with more colours. It should not be just restricted to painting or flower arrangement. I think food can also be fun with colors as well. Hello I'm Joy from Y at 7D Lights. I'm selling I made noodles at the past three over years. Why do I make colored bamien? Food has to be appealing by looking at it and you feel like you want to eat it, I'm sure that your appetite will be much better as well. It's made fresh every day. We don't use any food coloring in our food when making the door. You see like it's meant to be a comfort food. It's meant to be healthy. If you use a food color, when you actually cook it, all these colorings will actually come out. When you take out the door, the door will probably be white. If it is natural from the fruit itself or from the veggie itself, the soup base will just be a slight tinge of the color. I wanted the four primary colors of red, blue, yellow and green. For red, that's the beetroot one. The blue is the blue pea, the yellow is the pumpkin, the green one is the spinach. Every different color has got its different property so spinach because of its fiber for people who have bowel movement problems that's also a very good thing. that. Beat root is an antioxidant, so there's a prevention of cancer pumpkin. It's very rich in vitamin C. It actually gives a glow, blue peopee, if you consume it daily daily it can give you very good shiny hair promotes better eyesight so they have their own personality they have their own characteristics it's just like my playdoh It's fun playing with what you actually cook. My mom is the main catalyst as to why I started to learn how to cook. My grandmother passed away when I was 16. After that, we kind of like lost a great cook. We started eating out and I noticed that my mom was eating lesser and lesser. I think that throughout all these years my mom has always been very used to having home food food. I told myself, actually why not? I could try? So I started asking my aunties, people who I feel were really great cooks, and eventually I came up with my own recipe. If it wasn't for her, I think I would never have found my passion that I actually like cooking. The best satisfaction comes when people come up to you at that you're farming and it's really good. It gives me that home-cooked field. It's much better than having a pay rise, better than striking 40. That's actually what is keeping me going. They don't have to tell you that this is the best. You don't have to be the best. That would definitely be somebody better than you. But as long as it's something that when they eat it, they feel that this is the right taste for them, I think that is good enough for me. Okay.