 So every time after smoking I will always be very happy. That will text, like, hey, I really smoke and you high. And they will be like, oh, what, why you smoke? Smoke what? That was like, no, I know wheat, I don't worry. I mean, I smoke the meat until I really very high, very happy now. Hello I'm Jays and I'm one of the few female heat masters in Singapore and I smoke meat. I was struggling and debating with myself if I call myself a smoker but I don't smoke. So that's the only term that I conclude myself as a pitmaster, somebody who knows that equipment well. There was once when I was smoking at home, the meat where I took it out right, then it was so soft that it slipped and fell off of my hand and splatter on the ground. Half of it went to my fish pond. I smoke about 80 to 90 kilos of briskets a week. Risket is actually very tough cut of meat in the smoking circle right? Kind of like the ultimate goal that everybody wants to reach. Smoking is usually dominated by the males. I have to carry 90 kilo of meats every week. I think it's easier for males with their strength and physical build, but I'm somebody who enjoy doing such things and I feel that women can also do the things that men can do. I don't really have to go dream anymore. I think so. So when I just started it was at the back of my house. Within six months I scaled up into a commercial business. I had like some strangers coming up to me and say that you know you are not F&B trained you are not a chef like what makes you think that you can sell your meat? It's also this kind of words that make me motivate and go on further like I want to prove him wrong I also want to prove myself wrong so I will convert my energy into how I can smoke better meats. When I first stumbled upon smoking meats like online reading of people who don't sleep for 20 hours. I was like, what's tell all these people? They're really crazy, yeah? Who knows like, now I'm part of it. So right now it has been 22 hours and the brisket finally I think should be ready. With a lot of time and patience and love. After that when you look at the end result, that's the part that you will wow out yourself and you make everybody around you like, wow. And I think that is like the joy of smoking and I really enjoy myself. When I first listed my product on my website and that it was totally sold out in 30 seconds. I realize that you know when you set your mind onto something you can just work through it I believe that the passion the love you have the enjoyment that you have it will always be reflected in the mix and And for me, when you have just feel so full. I think that is really the kind of feeling that I'm looking for and whatever that I do, I mean not just smoking. Yeah, is sure I just enjoy so I must share the happiness enjoy with everybody just like how I share my food. You're here.