 I think like last year somebody DM made like hi can I think something your photos are on like a similar as she in a settlement group kind of thing yeah I said like definitely screenshots so the person said no there's no screenshots but I can see you in the link to join but it was a very suspiciously long link and I said you have to input your phone number I was like why Why? Nicole's not so new. I'm a familiar face. Yeah, you're not a familiar face. Exactly. But we have a new guest like Lennings. Well, exciting. Welcome. Welcome. We're going to talk a lot about scams today and how susceptible we are to scams? Have you guys fallen or have any encounter with scams before? I've never really had a scam, but I think think my closest interaction was that I had some like credit card and debit card related fraud so basically I was overseas and then't know what prompted me to decide to check my credit card statement which I checked me like once every month or so right? And then I saw like 1,000 plus plus deducted on my credit card and then I checked my debit card and for some reason like a few other thousands deducted so I caught them and they were like okay immediately you know cancel all your cards we were like return you the money just like file your claims and whatever so yeah so scary but you got your money back I did I think the probably the scariest part was that I didn't know where it came from or like what was the source of like like you don't know how they got the numbers in the place right? Correct. Because I mean usually you use a phone for everything now of this right like you link your cuts to your phone and then you use your phones to like buy things from like shops you scan here scan there so I think maybe it's through that but like there's really no way to verify right so right yeah no I've seen like recent posts about people who download apps and then those like apps in turn track your bank movements or something like yeah so I must get now. Oh my gosh I better go and look at my statement. I never look at my table, huh? Yeah, see the thing. I was just like, okay, and it saw it's like a money to eat, right? Speaking of like the scanning queue I think, there was this case, I don't know if you saw on the news. I spread. Yeah, there was basically this like 60 old woman. She saw an ad of this QA code that was like scanned for like free bubble tea. So she scanned it and she woke up in the morning I think $20,000 was taken from her bank account but it's exactly what when they said right for bubble tea in one night because yellow like the software had access to like a bank account details I would have fallen for that really yeah I've downloaded many things for free things like what? Okay, so far there's been no scams, but if a shop tells me just download this app or just filling this away for a free drink or free top things at Buffalo store. I've done everything. Allegedly, like the woman who scanned the QR code for the free bubble tea, even though it was at a bubble tea shop, the bubble tea shop said it wasn't like them. She didn't even get a free bubble tea. So she loves 10 tea cap. So no, auntie. So apparently what I read that you can do in order to protect yourself right is, is that if you are downloading an app, you need to make sure that you are downloading from the proper app store, which is like Apple App Store and Google Play Store, make sure you check that the developer details are real and then if you had already downloaded the app when you do is to turn your phone to app-lane mode turn off Wi-Fi and then run an anti-scam application just to make sure everything is good. You should also check whether you have any unauthorized bank transactions that has been done through another device. Yeah, I hear now that the banks are actually rolling out this new measure to lock a certain amount that you have digitally in a like a vault almost. So it can't be digitally transferred out but if you want to like transfer money you have to probably go in person like to an ATM or like a branch to like kind of like do it yourself. Yeah do that big transfer. So like then have you ever fell for any or encounter any like fishing scams? I think like last year somebody d maimed me like hi can any taste something your photos are on like and similar as she in a settlement group kind of thing yeah and obviously I was so scared yeah even if you don't send any explicit pictures to people or you don't take it in general, you know I mean. I feel like, I feel like, I feel like, did somebody record me in a changing room? I said like definitely need screenshots because typically that's the first thing you would do right? Yeah, so the person said no there's no screenshots, but I can say in the link to join and I said oh yes please I thought it would be like maybe what's have good group chair or the some things, but it was a very suspiciously long link with no, with not a common domain name or its kind of name. So I was like, okay, went in and I said, you have to input your phone number. I was like, why? Yeah, why isn't this just a telegram group chat? Why? Like, it's not very difficult to jump, right? Yeah. Yeah. Like, I bought a train. I was like, a bit suspicious already. I said it didn't work he said you have to put a real number I was like how do you know I didn't? I mean this is. Yeah, I was like, okay, this is very suspicious. I asked the round, I posted on my experience, sorry, I saw a lot of people came and said like, it's a scam, don't fall for it. What's kind of thing? It's interesting though, like how they take the weak spot and they attacked it. You know where you're vulnerable and then they just... Oh my gosh. It's so common for these things to happen in Singapore in terms of like spreading pictures around you know so girls always have that lingering fear is so scary and to exploit it it's just very evil yeah the message itself was crafted in a very friendly and personal way like, hi, there's pictures of you going around, this very important, can you check your messages come of thing? So it's like, okay, the conversations flowed very personal. Like it was really somebody talking to me. Dang, well now this, I tell you, like scams not only evolve with technology, but like what you said, like how they prey on people's vulnerabilities and emotions as well to kind of like get money out of them. Basically someone approached this person to say that they have a job offer, they're from Job Street, and then they asked the person to give a sum of money with promised returns, you know, I think you've heard of this. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah this case actually happened to my actual friend oh like I have a very close variant of mind that went through this it exact it sounds exactly the same so it'slegram. Yeah, it's telegram like a conversation kind of thing. She was quite skeptical initially but once she's transferred right and then she saw the returns and there's this trust building basis that you go through right and once we realize it actually the money quite easy to earn so you would dare to invest a little more. She continued to invest, continued to give until one day the return didn't come back. Yeah, so that was when it got really bad and they didn't get back to her and that was when she realized, oh my God, this is a scam because this is it. I just got scam because it's 20K. Yeah. It balls up to 20K. It's a lot of money. They would be get. She didn't. 20K gone? All they can do is make a police report about it. Yeah. Do you feel that you will fall for something like that? Or will you blame yourselves if you do? I was going to say I think previously I used to think like I know only all people for scam. I think no lee, I think increasingly with the scam tactics of the rice. I think I don't want to say that I would never I think there's a high possibility that it might happen I hear that there's some ways that you can prevent these drop scams which is basically if a company approaches you and you should do background research on the company also don't pay to secure a job offer because I, because I think it's a bit weird. Don't fall for this like too good to be true. Like you do something small and then you get a quick buck and don't give out your personal details like your phone number. Yeah, so I think that's how you kind of at least like these you can just think of these kids like you indicated yeah this is app called Schen shield the Fox icon right you've indicated it. Yeah. This is an app called Schen Shield. The Fox icon, right? You've used it before. Oh, I have it on my phone is I'll basically just install it once and you set it up once. Then it prevents scammers from calling you in the first place. Oh, yeah, I mean that's really annoying. Instaw now. Installing. Right. You're scared. Yeah. Talking about Glenys, just now you're saying that sharing your stories online helps to normalize conversation. I was watching TikTok and then I saw a video of this girl who was talking about how she got scannedammed by this rental, Facebook Marketplace rental posting. So basically what happened was that she saw a posting on Facebook and then she contacted the agent because she was interested in a viewing. So the agent was like, okay, yeah, I know available for you to come out today, but I'm not free so I get my PA to bring you. So I was like, okay, yeah, sure, so she went with the PA to go and see the house. Like an actual person. Like an actual person. Oh my gosh. When he was a actual house. Beauty was like, oh yeah, very nice. Okay, good. Price not bad. And she was like, I pushed my luck. Ask for like a slightly lower monthly fee, then the agent where cookie, yeah, can, can, can, no problem, no problem. No, fine, and she's like, no fine. And she's like, okay, can't. Can be it sass. They started to like, oh yeah, can quickly sign, you know, like if you're lucky today then we sign it today, which is where like usually it doesn't really happen that really You need some discussion correct, and that's like a bit of like bad and for what she did was that she went to ask one of her friends who's a real estate agent to go and check like their real estate agent depository of like agent numbers to see if the agent is real Indian couldn't find which is like it's a scam so Indian didn't sign and she got away yeah d, that's high level. Speaking of shopping online, I was on Instagram scrolling and then this ad came out for a moon lamp. Basically a lamp shaped like a moon. Okay it's like cute la like I understand what it's like so like can change color and all that right so my God it looks so nice. Yeah I'm happy. It's like me. So I was like, oh my God, on a bike. One week later, I think I was checking now. I didn't realize, like, I have no news about my lamp coming, right? Then I went to find the, I took me it said I got a receipt or something, but I remember where I bought the thing from. So I want to search online, like this website and it didn't exist. Then, um... But do you like check for reviews? No, I didn't. Oh my God. You check anyway, I just like, Moon lap. I have to have it. I have to have this moon-maps. Put it in my card, they tell. My house and Jack. I want to check. I was like, oh my God, I went to check my bank account to see if there was like any other but I mean to have like it was just that moon lamp that was deducted. Then I was like oh damn thank God was just like that one item. Yeah so if you shop online or any on-commerce website, please remember to check reviews. And I think you use safe payment methods. Yeah, don't be like... Don't be impulsive. Yeah, I think reviews are. Nowadays, I'll be a lot of reviews to see like. I mean okay hearing all the story shared today realize that every one of us has kind of, you know, actually except for you. Thank you. You obviously I look scammable, but I am very diligent in checking things. I think out of everything that we've shared today it really pays to be safe rather than sorry and apparently there's like three tips to not fall for a scam or to prevent yourself from a child such Such educational episode? Yeah, it is. What is it? It's act, the acronym, A, C. T. Act. Yeah. Act. One is, A is Ed Schem Shield. A. That Schem Shield. Oh, and the other end, we got, your favorite jazz. Yeah, and then C is to check for scam signs with official sources. So I know like no son is like you receive news like about okay there's this kind of scam going around on like the banks would tell you like this is kind of scam going on don Don't fall for it. Yeah, so just check with official sources for these news. Maybe like, go just to verify. Yeah, scam signs. So last one is to tell the authorities your friends and families about these scam encounters. Right. Yeah, so don't keep it yourself. Yeah. Yeah. Basically whatever you actually you've been doing it very well. You've been acting exemplary. Yeah, so this has like what Adel says has been a very educational episode of T-T-T-Cot called a bit. lot. And we'll see you guys on the next episode. To your next one. Bye. I almost dab.