 We are therefore refine the processing of work-pass application for EP. Currently, in processing of work-pass applications, we assess only the individual-related criteria, their qualification, their experience, their salary. Going forward, we also be looking at three additional factors. They are company related. So not just individual related criteria, but also company related. And the assessment will be carried by Taffet Trappa type alliance for fair and progressive employment practices. First assessment, how strong is the Singaporean call in this company today? Majority of the companies, as I mentioned earlier, in the same industry industry have healthy Singaporean call, but their outliers significantly weaker than the industry norms. Second assessment, with a weak Singaporean call today, do they have any firm commitment to nurture and strengthen the Singaporean call for the future. Thirdly and finally, in consultation with relevant economic agencies, we assess how relevant this double-week company with Singaporean call, we commitment to nurture Singaporeing call, how relevant are this double-week company to our economy and society. If they are not here, how much will we be affected? And if the answer is not much, then they are what we call the Triple Week Company. Week in Singapore, call, we incommitment at the same time, weak economic linkage and social impact. Mr. Patrick Day has shared his concern regarding these triple-v companies, which are our targets for Gosa Scutini. At Taft's recommendation, they will be placed on our watch list, not because we are anti- foreigner, but because their behavior has to the deepening of local foreign divide in our Singapore workforce. If left unchecked, the sentiment of two-third versus one-third will continue to grow. It will weaken the unity, the creation, and I think eventually the overall competitiveness of Singapore. Now for those triple-week companies with no progress make at the recognition of Tafet their work-bast privileges can be suspended. Renewal of existing EPs processing of new EP's application will be affected. Curtilment of work must be village will have serious consequences on their continued operations and growth in Singapore. So we hope they will take corrective actions. Move out of the triple weeklies. Don't just grow their business here by treat Singaporeans fairly too and help build a strongest Singaporean call in their companies and industries. You're going to be.