 People ask me a lot why don't I just go and become like this super high-fat lawyer and then donate a lot of money to refugees. It's not like my dream was always to be a hockel or to sell coffee at the hockel center. I didn't even drink coffee. The only reason I did this was to create livelihoods for refugees in Thailand. Usually I have to get to the depot shop bar, 7 plus, 730 liters. I gotta pick up all the ingredients that I'm all you need for the day, like that bread, their coffee beans, and load it up to the car and then drive it off to Amoy. If I sit like this, on the way I'll be like, oh, today's, no, do they, you wonder like if there will be any customer at all that counting. Okay. Hello. This is our logo. For every cup that you during your coffee, 50 cents is going to the refugee who did the artwork on this cup. It's actually just black and white when it's printed in Thailand, then it sends directly to these refugees who we are working with. They color in. Every single one of our cup will be unique because it's actually colored by someone different. We try to commission enough stickers every month, so 300 stickers every month, works out to 3,000, and that is the average price of rent in outer Bangkok. Actually before I started Matt Rooster I didn't even drink coffee like I was a lawyer and all of my lawyer friends who full all nighters they were drink coffee right? I'm hoping hoping that Matt roster creates like a machine that converts the existing consumerism in Singapore into meaningful livelihoods for refugees. I don't want it to always just be aid and donations that are sustaining them. No one wants to cure up for three hours or no one wants to go there and have to prove how poor things they are to get the bag of rice. Why can't they just get a bag of rice themselves? There's dignity in earning your own living and being able to look after your family yourself. Hi, thank you so much. People ask me like why refugees specifically, right? I think there was a time in my life where I really needed help and I needed someone to speak up for me and to like fight for me because I was too weak to do it for myself. And that period of time I also heard a lot about refugees. It resonated a lot of me like what they're going through. Because no one would believe the story, no one would help them. And that's why I want to help. I realize that for a lot of them they don't have the legal right to work. The more pressing need was pay rent or buy food for their children and I felt that it would be more useful for me to focus my attention on livelihoods. And that's how I did I was minister. Everything okay, huh? I'm going back at that there for. Bye-bye. Freosh, making process is very long actually. We take around six to eight hours. I mean sometimes I think about it like maybe you just buy from like wholesaler you know like Delhi France and you just be like second seller but I think it will affect because we're already known for all this stuff so I can't really change the menu now people will realize What should we do? Nothing. Sorry, got no customer for you to film. Like for me, I'm more of a warrior, but I think my dad not so much. So he would just be like, all day seasons. Whereas for me, I would like stress at every, like whenever it's down, I'll just be like, oh my gosh, no. My normal life last time. Every lunch I would go to the gym, which cost me like, I think maybe 200 a month, right? After my gym, I'll go and buy this $7 chilate day and I would be like a lot of these seven bucks is crazy but I would still do it every single day. Yeah sometimes people ask me if I miss my old job, right? I do miss being an employee. If anyone is an employee, stay an employee, don't become an employer. Because I've never experienced living so close to the margin before us. Mentally you're under a lot more uncertainty and that feeling of not knowing if you can cover this mental stress is what the refugees that I work with go through every day of their life. I think one of the reasons that I continue even though it was a pretty hard time was okay we're supporting 11 refugees if I have to feel like this every day this mental stress I can't imagine 11 people have to feel like that without our programs the only reason I'm still here is because I feel like there's a bigger purpose to this shop the more cops we sell, the more refugees we can onboard to our program. Every cup methods, every cup is literally like someone is behind the artwork on your cup and it's their life that you are like helping out.