 Then when they were done they opened the door and like, hey! Oh my God! Hi I'm Sam, Hi I'm Hafiz. Hello, I'm Chow. Hi I'm Leah. And this is Zula Chicket. What is that? So which you know where you from and which hallway guys from? I was from NTU and Hotel. I was from NTU also from the best Hall. Wow, wow, Compete! I was in NUS. I am in NUS and I lived in K.R. and in house. So for me I stay in residential college so it's somewhat like a hall but it's in new town. Yeah I they have their own program. I say in Kakuso. Yeah. That's where all the nerds are at. Fair. But the nets are cool. The nets are real cool. So moving on, let's talk about your own personal hall experience so what rooms you stay in and also like you have any like stories to share about like me it's all like four stories in hall I stayed in a double room. So for until I think it's good because you can actually choose your women before you go in. So thankfully I chose like my friend and we are still friends. So that's a good thing. Because having a roommate right, your dynamic with them completely changes. It's test the friendship. There are stories of people who like stop being friends with their roomies. For my first two years I stayed at a roommate and then in my remaining time in hall I stayed in a single room. So you like single or double better? I enjoy staying in a double room because I always have a roommate and it didn't get very lonely. On the other hand, a single room is great also because things can go my way easier. Like in terms of the clean up up in terms of access to my room access to my rooms yeah so you know you know you know yeah I lived in Cambridge for one year, year one, same two and then when I did NOC that was your 2-7 and that was when I stayed in P.G. I lived in a single room because they only have single rooms and then in the evening when the sun shines through my windows. Wow, the look sounds nice. It's in there. It's super nice. And then I had all these fake flowers. I stuck them around my bed frame. So like it was just the dreamiest room I ever had. I think for me I had the best on both walls which is a single room but also having a company of other people because I stayed asleep that has a shed common area but you cannot choose your sleepmates. Yeah so you just hang sway whether you get good roommates or not. For my first year the roommates I stayed with all seniors so we were just high-bye but I was very very lucky when I was here to all people that I could click with so they are still my closest friends up now and then I feel of them will exchange to them who I still keep in contact with. Do you have any juicy roommate gossip stories to share. I know of this couple that always appears in my friend's IG story. Some appear or something outside the door. So they always have a couple, like I think a good five minutes before they go into the roof. Oh no but actually building on there right like the same into other buildings. Okay so R C is like the buildings are all good very nature like HGB's right so if you're on the top floor of this R C you can look down into the lower floor of another RC. People don't realize that and then they live your blinds open. So my friend was like, guys I looked out on my window and I just saw this a couple having sex. I was like, what? And then he was like, everybody is talking about it in the chat and it's damn bad. How do you tell them also what, right? I just be aware and close your lines. I think it's a very important rule. I didn't see anything with my own eyes but that's what I heard. I think the walls are quite thin. The walls are thin. Yeah. So when people study too hard you you know, sometimes it can be heard, then... When they study, what are these things damn hard? Damn hot! Damn hot! Then I'm like, oh, okay, that's why you're going to study. I get what you mean by thin walls it was my friend's room I walk past her door and then I heard like oh my god I put my ear. Then I put my ear. I stood with my door open. I lean against the door frame like that. Wait for them. So how long are you waiting? This girl, they have to creepy, huh? Then when they were done, they opened the door, I'm like, hey. Oh my God, they just laugh at me and then it would go away, law. So moving on to haul activities, what are some activities that you guys participated in? So the way it works in halls at least for NUS is that if you want to stay on you need to accumulate points and to accumulate points you need to participate in events functions run by either your block or your hock so I didn't enjoy anything. I'm not particularly proud about it because I feel like Hall is a great way to pick up new things and new skills which I didn't get to experience for myself because I was very busy talking beyond school so I couldn't really accumulate points but because I spent a lot of time with my blockmates they helped me to stay on for the next semester. So I think piracy we have the same things but we call them interest groups at least in the buso. One of the groups that I think my friend started was T- Freedom which is the LGBTQ plus group that supports a lot of the LGBT-plus people in the hall itself, in the buso itself. That's something that I feel makes the bus a little bit different in terms of like what we offer. I smell a lot of the annual as dance. So like the club, the annual club itself. The biggest thing I did was to take by Hall Dance. At the start of the year there would be a dance competition where all halls to compete together. So that was really fun. And also I think Hall is a very good place actually to try something you've never tried before. In terms of commitments and goals, I joined as a group leader for orientation camp. I was also in the hall committee. Something I like about NTU is we have this thing called IDG. So it's in the whole games. And there are like a lot of different kind of sports in like a recreational like Disney. What is your biggest culture shop when you entered Hall? For Hall there's a shared pantry right? And then that's where you realize some people are super gross. They have microwave oven. And there are stories of people who use the oven and to dry their sauce. Eee! If you stay in the olden halls, please don't use the microwave ever. Something even at the ureno, it's quite hard. Sometimes it's like, flipping here on board. I don't know how. I don't know. I think the biggest culture shock for me was the partying culture especially at the start of the semester. Then they are just always like you want to go out to drinks you want to drink in my room. Even though it is strictly bent and people get into so much trouble and they started to clamp down very strongly towards the end of my horse day, yeah. Oh, also the sex culture. So I heard of how there are white-tap chats in Hall that are just for hookups. It's a rumor. Nobody has actually seen the chat. Oh, you have? Anyway. Okay, I need so for I have not seen the chat, but you know, little Buries that have told us about these things. So given the peer pressure, if people around you are doing things that you don't believe in, don't do it. Just be your own person. I don't know about at you, but I know like in the NUS like if something happens, what the whole hall know about this like the next day that kind of thing. Just be aware of your actions off. Yeah. What is your biggest take away from staying in hall? I think although there's a lot of weird stories about hall and weird things that's going on, I still really enjoy my stay because it really gives me a chance to learn how to live on my own. And another big takeaway is definitely the friends that I've made. Because there are people who have seen you at your worst, there are people who you can just just knock at the door and then go inside to talk if you feel down or anything? I think the biggest takeaway for me will also be my friends. These are the people who have been there for you because they are so accessible and at the same time we are also very like, I would say very like my minded in a way. Independence is one of the biggest takeaways that you're gonna get. Because for the first time in my life I had a place to call my own and everything that was within this little space right belong to me and it felt so good. It inspired me to want to work towards that again to someday be able to look at a place and say that I own this place. The biggest thing for me is that staying in our city or even hall, right, made my whole unique experience a lot easier. Yeah because I had something to go back to all the time after a very long day of classes and like friends who can kind of empathize what I'm going to. And also, I think it's a lot about taking initiative and learning how to start up at home projects and lead at home projects in the hall. Yeah, because a lot of times you don't have the opportunity to do that outside. So last question will be any advice to the fellow people who are entering hall in August? I think anything like what they mentioned for, stay true to yourself. But I think still go inside with a very open mind because there's a lot of new experiences that are going to enter into. There's a lot of new things you can try and new things you can make. So I think it's going to be a very exciting time to learn to be to completely agree with whatever she has said remember to have fun though yeah because like some people they just go they just like have hall to just study or like it's a place for them to rest after school or what not but they sometimes forget about the fun aspect of uni life. Well you're having fun I feel like the fun element can people might overemphasize on that sometimes as well so like those who get very into all the activities and it might become very overwhelming for you and just find your support system know who you can rely on and who you can talk through all your struggles with and it will help you a lot through your new journey. I think my biggest advice is prioritize at that because that's something a lot of people don't realize because you know that whole triangle everyone like you want to study sleep and social life then people always choose to study and social life and then they don't like enough time for themselves. I think that it's something very important. Don't lose yourself in hall. Prioritizing your own mental health is. Too happy a great life. Right? Yeah. Today we talked about whole culture and we learned that as long as you stay true to yourself you're going to enjoy everything and your new experiences. So if you guys like this video, remember to leave a comment down below and also let us know what else to talk about next time. And don't forget to like, share and subscribe. Bye! Take, take chance. Take chance. Take chance.