 On behalf of the government, I would like to put on record our appreciation to everyone who contributed to our COVID fight. I will... Our workers and unions as well as tripartite partners who marshaled resources, rolled out support and helped countless businesses and workers through difficult times. Our companies and trade associations, NGOs as well as community groups who came together to contribute their time and know-how to fortify our response and support the vulnerable. Our public officers who went beyond the call of duty, many toyed selflessly behind the scenes to plan and roll out a multitude of programs and policies working shoulder to shoulder with the people and private sectors. Our dauntless health care workers and many others who operated on the front lines of the crisis, whether it was at our borders or in the foreign worker dormitories, whether it was in our clinics and hospitals or in quarantine facilities. They willingly assumed personal risk over and over again just so that the rest of us could be safe. They rose to the occasion when the going got tough even in the darkest of times. We are therefore honored to have a small contingent of our frontline warriors join us in Parliament today. They represent a cross-section of the wider community of individuals who fought bravely on the COVID front lines. Nurses and doctors and other health care professionals in the hospitals and in the community. Educators and social service professionals and workers who served our students and vulnerable groups right through the crisis, transport workers, supermarket and warehouse managers, other front line workers who kept essential services going, including our ports and land links. Staff in both the public and private sectors who ran critical backroom operations to maintain supply chains, care facilities and many other services. Save distancing ambassadors, S. officers and soldiers and home team responders who mounted large-scale responses in support of various policies and programs. This is just a sampling of all our frontline fighters. So, sir, I'd like to invite the COVID fighters who are here today to please stand. Thank you. We express a grateful nation's deepest appreciation for your contributions and courage. Your dedication helps Singapore to keep going through unprecedented and uncertain times. Your acts of duty, sacrifice and care for fellow Singaporeans uplifted our spirits, boosted our confidence, and kept all of us safe. So once again we would like to say a very big thank you to all of you.