 One of the like hard things that I had to do was I had no idea how to change a diaper I had to learn that all by myself at the point of time I was just focused on how do I keep this baby alive. Hello. Hello. Nice to meet you. I'm China. Nice to meet you. Oh, what's your new? Vanessa. What's your new? I'm Alista. Nice to meet you. Like how old are you this year? I'm 22 this year. Oh so I'm one young girl. How you're 21? Yeah, 21 this year. So like how old were you when you found out that you were pregnant? I was 17 years old when I found out I was pregnant. I was still in school so 17 so you were in body yeah do you still remember the moment when you found out yes I remember I was in my roommate's bathroom. I was already leaving alone by the time I found out I was pregnant. And then I took the test and I called her in and I was just telling her like, I don't know we just look at it at the same time and we were just freaking out. How did you tell your parents that you were expecting? So I did that first with my stepfather and he broke down crying. He actually blamed himself. He said that if he stayed for the family or like if he had been a better father and I just I don't know how to feel because I've never seen him vulnerable. This is like an Asian dead crying and it was just like a rare sight and even though we're not blood related he's always out there looking for me all the time. So when I booked the news to my mom, that was ugly. That was the, I mean my biological parents literally talk about stoning someone you know like the all religious texts about stoning someone to death and you're like to think about or you're living in scene and you were forcing me to marry this guy and at the part of time I knew this guy was abusive and I knew for a fact that this marriage will never work out. But I went along anyway because it got really ugly to a point where they threatened my stepfather's work, his job, and I didn't want him to suffer. So I got married at 17. Even though I was married, I was basically a single mom because I was doing things on my own financially. I was the main caregiver for my daughter as well. So everything was just on me. How did you manage to find the courage to leave your toxic marriage? I've always had that one and it was just more like the right time and I wasn't 21 back then so a lot of the laws were not on my side especially it's like I couldn't rent a place I would have to live in a shelter if if I didn't get married and all that so the minute I turned to anyone, I just did it. I filed for divorce. And then there's no looking back. Has the thought of abortion ever like cross your mind? When I found out it was positive, I was like, I wanted her and I mean I've also had friends who choose the other option and I don't judge them for it, you know, it's like whatever works best for your life but for me it's like and that point I was going through so much things and I thought life wasn't worth you know worth it yet so when I had when I saw that line I was just I had something else to live for. How was the nine months like from the day you found out all the way? The whole nine months was not easy. I still continued school so I went to school pregnant I remember they had to like actually put me in a separate room because I was ready for birth and I still had to take exams. So yeah I went to school with my big ass, Valley and then like I was working six jobs, so freelance and then I also did like a telecom and I was taking up a lot of odd jobs basically just to kind of like make and sneak the whole motivating factor for it was like I want my daughter to be proud of me. Like, oh my God, that's my mom. My mom did that. Yeah. And if I can do that, she can do better, you know, that kind of thing. I want my daughter to be able to feel like that. What was the hardest part about being a mom at 17 like when you were so young? At the point I was just focused on how do I keep this baby alive like I checked on her every single hour and I was just you know I feel like I'm failing all the time it's like sleepless nights regardless whether I was feeding her or not because even when I'm not feeding her I'm like checking on her like I used to breathing and maybe that's like mom anxiety or something and like a new mom's anxiety I wasn't really focused on my tiredness. I was just trying to be a mom. For me, like I was raised by a single parent as well. And growing up seeing my mother, raised all of us by herself, it was already a lot for someone who was in her mid-40s. I cannot imagine what it's like for someone in their late teens. I don't know how I dealt with it because at 17 all I did was I kept myself busy and that's such bad if you kind of look at it because I didn't give myself space to feel I did eventually feel burned out after that and it was kind of ugly and I do remember asking my mom the same thing and she was also like I don't know how I did this. Yeah and I think as moms is like when you have a baby you just have this sense of courage I mean not all moms are perfect I understand that but it's like they do everything for their baby I have a rush of feelings right now. I know. I'm just like, because I kind of saw all of this in real time happen. When I was about nine years old I actually saw my mom have a stroke and it was from all the stress of managing like my family together. How were you able to, I think, eventually make room for love for yourself? So when you say make room for love it's always about loving yourself and then when your daughter sees that in you she'll do it for herself there was one time I had this conversation with my best friend. I was worried that you know why she grows up and she ends up like me and she said, why is that a bad thing? I don't really know how to answer this because if I were to say like, oh I don't want her to end up like me, it's like shaming myself as well. For me, it's like I always tell myself that my love is bigger than my fears and that's where you find courage and that's how your daughter is going to have also so I mean I understand you have also a single mom and you're doing everything on your own. Do you wish like you had more help, like someone to like let you have a break? I do have like that thing but then like when you take a break then you would think about your child so in there like I had to go back with my child. So mom guilt guilt. Yeah, I kind of mom guilt, you know? I get what you mean. Yeah. But I mean, personally it's like I've been through the whole mom guilt thing. You should, like, don't care about mom guilt. I mean, I know it's really hard that you need to put yourself first. Because it's, like, you'll go crazy and you don't want to lose yourself while you're taking care of your kids right? What do you do to make you happy? What I do cook, bake? Yeah, you love to cook yes what was your curd like dreams and aspirations before you became a mom? F-M-B. I was actually working under F-M-B. Oh, okay. Yeah, so I love like in that sector, you know, get to meet people so you get to cool. Maybe one day? Make it as a F home business then like another thing will be like home business then like another thing will be like maybe social work social work. Do you not have enough crazy in your life? I was like that was the last thing ever. I was like, that's the last thing ever. I'm so I become a mom. It's like, no. I do feel like also the stereotype of single teen mom just I feel like people tend to categorize these sort of people as very very promiscuous very careless have you ever had these sort of encounters before? Oh, all the time. I'm telling you, like, when I was single, I had guys telling me like, oh, you're just good to, you're just, yeah, you're just good for a night. They were like saying, oh you're at the bottom of the of the chain you're literally a single-thin Malay mom and you're like saying no one's gonna ever marry you. But you know it's like everyone has a different starting line and single moms might be at the back because everyone else is like at the front and it's not a race it It's just a journey. So I really don't care about what they want to say about whether I'm promiscuous or not. It's like as long as I continue to improve myself, I continue to help the people around me, and the people who also has gone through the same thing as me, I did my part. What's your daughter's name? My daughter's name is Amelia. Yeah, she's four years old. So, like, was she what got you through, like, the toughest days, like like even up till now. Can I be honest? I mean I love my baby but sometimes they are the reason for your tougher days. But yeah, the thing that got me through is like, I would, this may sound like so self-absorbed, but it was me. It's like you're prioritized in mental health, take a break, and then you're back. Yeah, so it's like, she is my main motivation and drive, but like day to day when it gets hard it's like you need time to kind of relax and take your mind off. Like have a loan time. I mean after everything that you went through with like Amelia, do you still want more kids? I eventually did find love. I met my husband now. He is like, he has to be the best or the best. Because I'm traumatized when my expectations is always there. He exceeded all of it. And he's like Shrek. Do you watch Shrek? Yeah, I love Shrek. Okay, yeah, yeah, okay. Like, okay, he's grumpy as hell, but he's really like... You came to the right person. I know, no, no, like looks wise. Looks wise, looks wise. Wait, he looks like Shred. No, no, no. Looks why he's's a pen, but his personality is shag, okay? And yeah, he's been very supportive. He's, I was emotional and he was always trying to be present and there for me all the time. Yeah, and he's not afraid to change diapers. I mean, I know again, bare minimum. But he's really putting in stuff out there. No he's really like putting in a lot a lot of effort. Yeah so I have another son now he's four months old. He's since. And Amelia has been a very protective sister. Like literally would smack you if you take her brother away. So cute. I don't know about the cute part, but she will like literally look at you up to up down just so yeah are you worthy of my brother yeah it's very protective like that Was there any difficulty in introducing her to like your new partner at the beginning? Usually she don't like people, but when I first introduced my then boyfriend to her, now husband, she immediately warmed up. When she was around him, she was just, I don't know, she feels very safe to just be herself. I mean, it was on her own initiative to call her papa. Yeah, after we started dating a few months. Currently my dad is trying to talk to me. He's not been in my life for about 15 years. So, you know, he'll occasionally send me messages, asking me how I am, but I normally ignore them. Would you want your daughter to maintain a relationship with her birth father? That for now when she's too young to make a decision for herself, I would step in and tell her not now. Definitely I do not want her to maintain a relationship with her until she's old enough and I'm confident that she can make good decisions on her own. If the father still wants to kind of have that relationship with her, he's got to learn how to love that girl. Because you left that little girl. So now you have to wait until she's old enough for her to be able to stand up on her own and make her own choices. Again it's my daughter choice. I wouldn't want to impose that on her, but at least for this age, it's like I need to make the right choices for her. Yeah. So what's your daughter's name? Roosevelt. It's a nice name. It's like a princess name. I even gave the middle name like Jay. Oh, because she's precious as a gem. So cute. Yeah. What's the best for being a mom? Best but being a man. Being with four, seeing her growth just yesterday. Like the teacher just called me up for various teacher meeting and she was like telling me, you know, Roosevelt, she's very loving and caring. Her friend for now, she just hugged. So it's like, I felt very, very happy with her. Yeah. Yeah. You feel the most happiest when you will keep? Yes, most of the time. It's like, it's like. It's happy and then stress and then happy. I mean the best thing that I really love to do with her is just listening to her talk and I just love to see how her tiny brain just works you know it's just like the different phases of of their growth it's just like every part of it is great. It's like they grow up so fast, it's like one month later you have a whole new different kid and you just have to fall in love with that kid all over again. So I'm just enjoying every version of them that they are becoming for now. Are you happy now? Definitely. I mean I've been through health and bad and I've always been happy it was just like how you look at it I guess I find happiness within myself and I hope my kids will do that for themselves as well. Hello! Hi! Oh, she's so cute. This is. Hey guys, thanks. Hey guys. Thanks. Thanks for watching this episode of Stranger Smith. And if you like to see more, comment down below. Bye! Shrk, you see I have been that traumatized that I look at Shrk as a... I mean he loves few now like so like you know so like you know so basically that kind of Yeah.