 I was told that I was being ignorant, like every time they diagnosed with moderate hearing loss, I think I asked myself a lot, is this the end of my career? Am I still able to work in the world? Like you need to work after a cancer patient. She's got a chest pain, so they take all the chop. Okay. After I informed my nurse manager but my hearing loss, she was also worried initially initially but she was always there for me. She was telling me why not you give it a try and perform it with hearing it this time. maybe things would get better. I feel is out of kindness like she's giving me a chance for me to pursue my passion. When I was younger I actually want to be a nurse because I was bought up by my single mother. So whenever I've witnessed my mom fall sick when I was younger. I feel so helpless and I didn't know what to do. So at the point of that I keep telling my mom I promise and I'm like, you know what I'm going to be a nurse one day so that whenever it fell sick right then I know what to do next because of my promise to my mom that kids me going. As a new hearing aid user you tend to hear all the background noises that you haven't been hearing for the past 20 years. Sometimes the hospital environment can be very loud. I'll be scanning and there's a beep sound. At the same time there's another beep sound from the pilot call and the phone call at the same time. Yeah it's very overwhelming. Like I can hear all kinds of sounds, like all come together. So far from my experience, my patients will not even know that I have hearing issues until I actually told them. So it doesn't affect my performance and skills. Most of them cannot see unless you are right beside me. Because it's just a transparent tubing hanging around my ear. Yeah, kai, jayama. Especially for cancer patients, after receiving the chemotherapy, they will be born to fall. So it's very important for nurses like us to have a good hearing skills. We have to be very alert. So good, huh? Yeah, not me, map, right? It's time. You can do it. The matter how many times I've seen my patient pass on due to a cancer, you will never be prepared when you love on that diagnosis. And last year my mom actually diagnosed with state four cancer. The doctor declared that she has to be impelative. Like, feel as comfortable as possible before the end of life. Yeah, so because of that I actually went back to Malaysia just to look after my mom being a full-time caregiver. It's scary to go through the process by herself. She said that if I'm not around she will have died in the hospital instead of at home, which is something that she didn't want to. I was able to take care of her until her last day. I slept with her until her last breath. Because her last work to me was, I feel safe with you. Since my mom's mom passed on I actually switched to medical oncology because it's related to my mom's case and I would like to provide like the best ofmost comfort care for the same situation as my mom. You're going to be.