 On the dating apps people will, the guys will ask me, also you work in the CBD as well. Truefully, I also work in the CBD. Yeah, yeah, the lunch always very busy in Hawker Center, yeah. Then we get to the point when they will finally ask me about my profession and then I'll just have to tell them. Yeah. My name is Faye Sei Sei. Morning. And I run a small coffee store in Ammoch Street in the food center called Coffee Break. I think my friends in the beginning, they don't understand why I would settle to be a hawker. The most common comments that I get would be, huh, can make money me or you so young? People will buy from you, man man this is your full-time job your income enough and most times when they find out that I have a bachelor's they be like oh so why are you still in a hawker center? Very deliberately, my bachelor's is targeted towards this business. Thank you. So I'm actually major in marketing. It does help in improving the business like our point of sale system, our staffing system. Before I started as a copy hocker I was actually a full-time athlete so I used to play Beach Fueba for Singapore. The precious of playing on court versus having to deal with a lunchtime slam with a team behind you has many similarities. So usually our lunch club starts coming at about 12 p.m so we're already preparing for a wall. It's like a battlefield. I have to depend on my teammates and I have to play to each other's strengths. I'm very vocal and I like the communication. Hot, hot, hot, this is hot. Thank you. For BC Kowasong. So usually I am the frontman because one I can control my team every time it thinks you need to have a good to look at it and I also can control the customers who are impatient for their drinks. All right, thanks for waiting stuff for all-grain old sugar. The internet ice coffee for a tent out for chocolate. Strong on your lower right. Thank you. Last time in Beach Royal, we would signal like two, one, you know, behind our backs and it's more efficient. So, same, we also have a lot of short forms in writing our orders, because when someone orders a go be gau shu dai kasey bwah you know you cannot spell out the entire so you have to short-handed, no? I have not here. I'm going to be in a cafe. I'm going to be in the cafe. What's going so, so I'm going to get me. Meo, I'm going to make a moment, a moker, suiou, like I see, a moker, a chime, and a moker, a chihuahua, a moor, achien, a ch time. We had a customer since my dad's time. When we first started out, he actually told us, Fay, your coffee actually really sucked from the start, but it's because I believe in your father and I believe in his children. That's why I gave you guys a chance and stuck by you. We were not always good, when we first started out and very thankful for regulars who stuck by us. And that's what we need, huh? C, should die? Bye. I just think it's quite special, uh. My personal motto is to be reliable, to be here for my staff, my customers, every day without fail, when we say we are going to be here. I do see myself doing this for the rest of my life. I enjoy the service, the rush, the adrenaline that comes every time I work at SLAM. When I I'm older probably my heart cannot take it but until I cannot I will keep doing it. You're going to.