 For my partner and I to make our living room, what we consider cozy, it is very nice. Like before going to bed, I used to look at her. Now I look at the end. And we are back for another episode of Key Talks. Yay! And we are here to talk about housing because we are all our first time house owners. But maybe you all can say your type of housing, you know, maybe your marital status at Canasta. So my name is Pei-Fung and then I am 28 this year. At thatch, not married yet. I am getting a flat in Juwong East in five years time in 2028. I'm Ben, I'm 22 this year. I'm married and I have a resale flat in Pongo. Yeah, I just moved in like two months ago. Um, Bella 35, I stay in a private condo, it's a studio apartment, so it's pretty small. Go swimming pool. Got dogs, two dogs. Hi, my name is Uhing. I'm 30 this year. I'm recently engaged. My video is in Tampanese. Yeah. Yeah, Tampanese. Yeah, Tampanese. Yeah, Tampanese. Yeah, the pep, he is. First time to cheer for the east. I have you cheer. Cause I suddenly silent, there no one cheer for him. Okay, I tell myself, yep, yeah, Tepanese. Okay, so we're gonna play this game called Would You Rather, so there are certain like options here. So would you rather a spend less for a less ideal location or would you be pay more for an ideal location okay so who is a he still wears this yeah maybe they did really spend less compared to us. Okay, so you all say you'll pay less or less ideal location. So what do you offer go in your choice? Not choosing Tionbaru over Trong is. Yeah, I was like at the top of my head before seeing like the price I was like Tionbaru because like, the young baru can rise to eat. If the stop, you also move. No, but there's just like a greater proportion of good food in that area. And then the estate also looks very nice and all, like very true, but it's like I think. But my situation is not ideal in the sense that I don't earn that much for me to afford that location so I need to like prioritize on whatever I can afford so I decided to go for like drawing is in state because I think Joangis is like there's a lot of shopping malls and a lot of amenities there also. So actually my location is quite ideal already because I think when my partner and I were discussing right we kind of wanted either Bedo or D'Annes. We like Tampanies, but we forgot a lot of things because for us we weren't expecting to get a flat during the exercise but we did and when it was our turn to choose a flat we didn't have high floor options left so I mean as much as we wanted to also stay like 30 floor that kind right we don't have a choice so that's one thing that we have to forego. There are those things that unfortunately I can't choose but my price is quite healthy, for me to think about. So I don't feel anxious thinking, oh my goodness, I need to pay so much. Yeah, I think for me location is one of the primary consideration. Your location costs how much? Okay not Bongo per se but like within the estate I wanted something that was more accessible and had like facilities or amenities nearby. What is important for you? I think commute to work for one. I think that was the main thing that my partner and I were looking at. Yeah, because commute to work is further. I mean, but that's very safe on cost. And then you so stay near your parents. Correct. Yeah. So I stay within just nice within the 4k. So I managed to get the proximity housing grant as well. So I think I was just like within 100 meters. If I threw a stone really, the stone won't get the... Nice. So, since you'll say you'll pay less for a less ideal location, I don't know like how much did your house cost, like my was about 320 k for a four-room flat nice nice that's a good number what about you enough around is similar to your cost 370. Okay okay I'm quite obvious when I hear all the BTO prices so mine's resale right so I pay about close to half a million there about for a forum. No but then you get your flat faster so. Yeah you don't have to wait. It's true. I mean you move in already but they still with it. Yeah, we are still in the waiting you know. We just see the model, then like happy and be. Then for an IGS, five years later, see you, that guy. I don't think I can't have to like commit that and like you just see the model I don't know when you think about the cause you can commit already. Thanks, so what about the cause for you? Okay so I like here 300 I hear 500 then I damn sina like am I stupid for doing this? Because you all have partners. I bought this as a single. So my place for studio apartment, which is like damn tiny, is 700, 700, okay? When I hear all of your amounts, it's like, oh my God, it's like more than double. I can buy two BTOs, not like. Too four-room legs. Wait, but where is it? You know us? You know us. I think I should make more friends in the East, or right? Can move here, change your BTO. No, no, then I'll invite you all to the West as well. I think people won't go, but okay, you can try. Let me know in five years, I put you on my car. Oh, yeah, my house will me if you're two friends in five years time. Okay, would you rather A, buy a resale flat or private property to move in earlier or be buy a BTO and move in later? I'm sorry, I need. I'm speaking for but you cannot register. Okay who is a? I'm half half a I cannot let you put a hand here. Why half I mean, clearly I bought a resale because I wanted the convenience of being able to move in now, right? But at the same time I see the benefits of having a bit here whereby you get something at the subsidized rate. Yeah, you do have to wait but it saves you a lot of money in the long run as well. My spouse and I have been renting for a couple of years really so we are very used to having our own space. You know, I love living with my parents and I appreciate them for all that, but I also really like having my own space. So I don't think it's something that I can go back to. So I think we would still go for a resell. Actually I think that's quite a great point because a lot of couples want that freedom also. For us, for me and my partner sometimes we will just like randomly chat about things and we'll think about how nice it is if we had our own space. Like now right? Yeah. Okay so the situation around me getting my video was that it was a decision that we didn't expect to make because it wasn't a very ideal unit for her and she really like the dream home she envisioned wasn't like facing a cupboard on the fourth floor. Yeah so why did your partner decide to like keep the flat? Okay so after discussing for four months right I think one finally she just woke up and she's like, you know what, let's just try and make this home the best home we can. Then even if we don't like it down the road, if she cannot stand like, you know, the kapang noises or whatever we will just find a new place to live. Like it's not like we have to commit to something at this point in our lives. It's the idea that you make your dream home not that the dream home is given to you. So pay fun, would you rent before you get your video? I haven't really thought of that question there. You like just now when you're talking about it I was like thinking at the bell of my head like why should I ran and not? Cause a lot of people have asked me so and they are like five years you will be like 30 plus like in that time ready then how to start family blah blah, you're too old for that. Then I'm like, I'm like, thanks for a reminder I know it or like I don't know like maybe an alternative is too similar to I want to you hung's cases my boyfriend will just come over and be with me. I mean I haven't brought up that topic and all because it's not something that we are considering at that moment. Yeah. You also have one proposed yeah. Yellow! Right, how can? Where is your proposal? Okay, sorry. I haven't even like talked to him like. So I think for Bella, she mentioned just now that she needs to pay 700 k right in a lump not really a lump sum but like. Yeah she don't have the 700 k but yeah yeah correct so for us like at least we get like the EHG Grant enhanced housing grant so basically is a grant given by HTV for you to offset some of the costs of financing the house I mean your house mean your house costs like 700 key, right? So how do you afford it? I can't afford it. Sometimes I wonder too. I think it's a commitment that you decided on right so there will be certain life changes like previously I always thought of you know every few years I would live a year overseas. But now with a house, then you have to ask yourself, you know, can you afford it or like I must always have a job. But definitely like having such a big financial commitment is it's huge like then just got to make adjustments to my lifestyle law I can sell Disney Plus subscription. No like just really just take note off like every single month I Like now I have a table of like all my expenditure and all the loans I have to pay and then. I feel like a lot of people don't, I mean the people I know at least, I didn't think about that until they committed to a housing option. Like for example they will be like oh yeah I can afford it but then when they go for the housing option that they want then they realize oh now I have to like change a lot to my life if you haven't gotten a house. It's a good idea to start thinking about all of these things first, I wish I thought about that more. Because... You are a planner. No, no, she is a planner. My partner is a planner. I wasn't. Yeah, because if she didn't kick-start the whole process of like let's plan our finances, right? I would have been a lot more anxious about my house. So the idea that you know we have to sit down and think about, okay, if we want to afford this, what should our life look like? What should our lifestyle be like? Can you already for the last one? Yes. This one looks very long so payfung should slowly digest and tell us. My digest first up. Would you rather is buy your dream house as your first home and stay there in the long run or be buy a? This handwriting a bit ugly but or be buy a starter home and upgrade at a later time. What a starter home like Minecraft eh? I think this is a A for me at the moment. Okay, buy a dream house and stay in the long run. My current situation is a for me. Okay. But is that what you have chose? I thought your dream house is Yongwara please? That's dream a one. Then this is dream a two. So still Dream House. Still can consider Dream House. Happy for you. Yeah. I mean, there are. Okay, Pyongyang Baru is Dream A1 because of the location. Yeah location is ideal. Yeah, but Jerome is is A2 because the location is not as ideal as Tionbaru but the height is great. Yes. So it's still considered dream. Okay, that's my definition. So why then why did why were your like this is a starter in I mean course is a big thing obviously like for example her dream home I say is a condo right but given our current finances it's a bit hard for us to look at a condo and be like I want to buy it. Then your dream home? My dream home is as long as it's nice and it has a very nice kitchen I'm happy with it. But unfortunately that also means there are a lot of condos right because the kitchen is very small right yeah so we do have to like we are opposed and cons la yeah but happy wife, happy life. She won't go to the pet and try again. I think you should say for you, your home is where my baby is, that's who? Correct. My dream home is, where my, where my wife is. Where my virtual wife is? Trying to be boyfriend of the year. I can't take it. And I think the bonus of having a video that a lot of people don't necessarily think about is the fact that like waiting is an embedding. Waiting means that you have time to build up your finances, you have time to progress in your career to a more stable place so that when you actually get the house you don't feel anxious about a lot of things. Okay or Ben you just recently moved in so wasn't very exciting like seeing everything done up like how you planned it to be. Yes like it's nice to be able to finally decorate and like make something your own or like you know everyone has a different idea of cozy so for us like for my partner and I to make our living room what we consider cozy or in our bed room like what we consider cozy is very nice like like before going to bed I used to look at her now I look at the corner that I did. But I look at her in the morning. So as first time house owners like what you're most excited about. I want to hear what pay for the ones on. What do you think? Haven't really think about it? I think I was excited to host my first house party. Eh, I'm very excited about it. The excitement excitement isn't real. It's what you're excited about, not everything. No, that one. Then after that, when it's so nice, really, right? Then you invite people to your house. Then you're like, whoa, look at the first house,'s house yeah because I think going to a lot of house parties I think it's having that space to yourself to be able to like invite people over and I don't know create memories in that house good vibes good vibes yeah it's nice to have friends over it's true when have very invite just say rent to our house he said moved in only, still got on the cover also, so stacked up and gave him some time. Oh yeah, correct, sorry. You want to have been busy. Tell you. So I think like a lot of people definitely would want to get some advice if they can, you know, on the whole process of being a first-time house owner. So what's the most important advice that will actually give to people who are looking to get their first place. I think being a first-time homeowner can be quite daunting to a lot of people and sometimes in the process of getting the house you might feel like you know you'll never get what you want. What's more important is that as long as you learn how to manage the good to haves versus the must haves right you will still eventually get a nice place a place that you can call your own. Yeah, actually the ideal home that you have in your head is really just a concept, right? At the end of the day. Yeah, it's like if it fulfills your master, then I think it's good enough. Yeah, the ideal home is just a place for us to host our parties. I just want to add on the school like everyone have different opinions about like what an ideal home is right? Like for example we have three Easties and one West is. All right. Then every time I could not this like my house is like how wide the west sir very good man at location? At the end of the day I will be like, no, I like my current home. It is like a pretty good location for me and like there are a lot of like good things that come along with it. Now I'll be just like I'm happy alone. You can say whatever your one. I'll leave that to five years later. You'll make your own decision from that. Well I'm kind convinced now I'm very curious about the West. Little we all go there with very high expectations. Yeah, I won't disappoint. No, the West won't disappoint. I hope it has been great listening to the experience of like different types of home owners yay yay if you have any questions you can leave it in the comment section and I hope you enjoyed this episode thank you thank you