 Even as we safeguarded the well-being of our migrant workers, our abiding concern was the jobs and livelihoods of Singaporeans. We convened the National Wages Council or NWC soon after the start of the pandemic in March 2020, do guide employers on how they could sustain their businesses and safe jobs. Tripartic partners also issued an updated numerous advisories on methods ranging from leave arrangements during quarantine, managing The and the employers achieved significant traction and skill in supporting jobs and livelihoods. From April, 2020 to April, 2022, around 200,000 locals were placed into jobs and skills opportunities under the SU United Jobs and Skills Package. Besides, over 744,000 job seekers were hired with support under the job growth incentive which encouraged local hiring in growing firms as the focus shifted to supporting recovery. In addition, to help self-employed persons whose livelihoods were affected by the period of extraordinary economic uncertainty, we introduced a self-employed persons's income relief scheme or CERS for self-employed persons with less means and family support. Close to 200,000 self-employed persons benefited from CERS. We have drawn useful takeaways from the experience of COVID. For the local workforce, we have enhanced the accessibility, the diversity of channels to support job seekers in securing employment and their career transitions. Above all, we are built and strengthened relationships and networks with both public and private stakeholders to help us weather future storms. We are now in the MWC, Dr. Benjamin Kwan from Health Serve and Reverend Ezekiel Tan from HIA also joined us earlier today. It has been all of your support, your labors, your sacrifices, and together with all of the rest that have weathered us through the storm. COVID-19 indeed fell on us like a heavy storm. But together, we have weathered the West and we were able to build back stronger. While we are yet to reach Janice N we have indeed come to the storm together.