 So, every day after smoking, I will always be very happy with that. Next one, ready? I really small and you hide it. I do like, why you smoke smoke? What? I was like, no, I don't be that don't worry. I mean, I smoke the meat and I really, really, very high-rehappy now. Hello, I'm Jayce and I want the few female kimasters in Singapore and I smoke meat. I was struggling and debating with myself if I call myself a smoker, but don't smoke so that's the only time that I conclude myself as a pit master somebody who knows that he put me well. There was one when I was smoking at home the meat where I had to get out right and then it was so soft that it's lit and fell off my hand and splatter on the ground. I have a bit of a bite finished fish balls. I've smoked about 80 to 90 kilos of risque so weak. A risque is actually a very tough cut of meat. In the smoking, soccer, I kind of like the ultimate goal that everybody wants to reach. Smoking is usually dominated by males. I have to carry 90 kilos of meat every week. I think it's easier for males to eat their strength and physical built, but I'm somebody who enjoy doing such things and I feel that women can also do the things that men can do. I don't really have to go gym anymore, it would be. I think so. So when I started, it was at the back yard of my house. Within six months, I scaled up into a commercial business. I had some strangers coming up to me and say that, you know, you are not a FMB train, you are not a chef. Like, how makes you think that you can sell your milk? It's also this kind of words that make me more keep it and go on further. Like, I want to prove them wrong. I also want to prove myself wrong. So, I will convert my energy into how I can smoke back the meats. When I first tambourd upon smoking meats like online reading, people who don't sleep for 20 or over hours, I was like, what's the other people? They're really crazy. They're who knows like, no, I'm part of it. So right now it has been 22 hours and the brisk is finally I think should be ready. There's a lot of time and patience and love that I mean look at the end result that's the part that you will wow out yourself and you make everybody around you like wow and I think that is like the joy of smoking and I really enjoy myself. When I first listed my product on my website, I was totally sold out in 30 seconds. I realized that when you set your mind onto something, you can just work through it. I believe that the passion, the love you have, the enjoyment that you have, it will always be reflected in the mix. And for me, I know I just feel so full. I think that it's really the kind of feeling that I'm looking for and whatever that I do. I mean, I'm just smoking. Yeah, like a shower, I just enjoy. So I'm a share that happiness and joy with everybody, just like how I share my food. you