 I see some people in the toilet searching for oysters and sizzles. I am standing beside you on the next piece in there. Just... What the hell is that? Oh, magic. Okay. There. Oh, this is a surprise, huh? You're on the open arm. I'm pretty man. Are you the king of prizes? I'm not the king of pilots. So are you? Well, I'm an R&D manager who's voicing all the designs for different fittings in the toilet all the way to my factory. This is not my favourite seat, but this seems very comfortable with them. Oh, you caught the gaping. So every shopping center, I would like to visit the toilet and see how the product performs. I'm looking at one thing. Very interesting. They'll stay there. But people when they pass by, they'll just be there, be there, just walk, walk. Why you want me to do that then? This one is very good. Wow, actually you don't use these, you just drop the, drop the bowl at like, then you flush so there will be a treasure section inside. I learned from youTuber. You don't see youTuber. Currently it really good is my facting about 144,000 dollar bowls per year. That brings out around 4,000,000 of money. Not only for Singapore market, it's also expecting to around 86 other countries in the world. Some people actually don't know that we guys are Singapore interface. There's a well-canned of all these stuffs from the voices. We also have smart pilot being expanded. IoT system actually collect per usage, right? How much more data is being consumed? Even the pilot grow, where it's empty, there's a alert sent out to the clean number one, to tell them the top one, to make a job easier. Well, in the past, manufacturing sector, it will manufacture a lot, but there's not much technology being put in. Nowadays, we're talking about smart missions, and Singapore especially, we have to apply a lot of technology. We're talking about smart missions and Singapore especially. We have to apply a lot of technologies. That's why you see a lot of young engineers trying to join with us. Just because they are being excited by all these technologies and they really want to apply those processes into developing new products. Since we are in the public business, we are a company that gives a lot product products on it. So you can spend the whole day in self-pile nobody will complain.