 I think being unwanted is a thing that I shall go with like my whole life. Buff parents do all your adoptive parents, I'm showing you enough love and attention. So However, as I grew up, I learned that parent-time relationships are not easy to navigate. On this episode, I can ask me, I speak to Dewey, who had two years old, far now she a doctor for her parents. My good mom and my mom was in the midst of a conversation They're like they talk about me because of the doctor They're not saying huh? Wait, our doctor? My mom was just kind of like yeah But I think it was only when I grew up and go to school and I realized actually everyone's mother is there real mother I'm the only one be a good one. I have to keep every other girl who should be related to my family. I feel a sense of unfairness right? Are we directed to the fact that? Oh, I'm a doctor. Next one. Did you feel unwanted? Of course, men. I think me unwanted is a thing that I shall go with like my whole life, right? Because like in my head, especially as a kid, there was immature buff parents do all your adoptive parents, ensuring you enough love and attention. So it feels like you're on one time. Since work and at home, it always feels like I have to overcome and say yeah, so I think that's the reason why I'm so like quite loud. I feel like I have to be able to make me for love. I mean, I love the way people laugh, but like sometimes also for this I have to, to you know, have just things of validation like hey, okay? I like this girl. I want to do with my friend, I think. Yeah. I remember I had this one girl friend that I was very close to at the bottom. How come I'm kind of big hot? And then they are, really, she was very like, very close. They were almost like best friends. Now I was like, oh shit. Then I got very jealous. Yeah, I remember creating a car. I feel like, I'm a childhood, we're still always always like how you say how new no matter what and especially because like I really struggle with the whole like adoption and being an unwanted thing for like so long in my head I'll school my boyfriend like, if you can't raise a kid, don't give up to me and like put me in this world with these bunch of stupid parents, especially my mom. It's like, if you don't even show me that you love me, they're like, why are you schooling me and shooting me like that? And that's why we had a very, very bad relationship. I thought I'm gonna even be... I felt. It was in secondary school, right? I thought myself. You know what? I think I'm alone in this war. And I think only I can get what I want in there. I think that was like... I mean, I do that drop my teenage years. I'm not even political people right. I feel like I'm losing control again. So I still struggle with it. Like every day. Would you look for your biological parents? I would say no now, because I don't really have time for that, because if I find them, I know how I feel if I actually mean anything or be a mix of emotions. But I feel like eventually as life go by, I feel like it will be one of my life missions to really just meet who gave birth to me, who made me. For example, I can be very emotional. Sometimes I can be a bit too angry. Sometimes I ask myself, do I get these traits from my birth parents? So I always wanted to get to know them as a person, right? And see if there are any similarities between me and them. And I should, yeah, I feel no I think about it. I would love to get to know them as a possible. See how they are. But not at this point. Why do you want to be angry? I think I've lost them as angry, right? It's not me. It's the child that inside of me. But it's like, if I think as present me who is a bit more of a family actually if you really think about it. Because their families are there, they are related. But they don't even treat each other like family. I feel like pregnant ladies are. They have nine months to register that, okay, they have a kid and stuff. They're more of a mom and have that. It's just like, here's a kid, they can't have it, love it, discipline it. And I think my mom is quite like, I'm so sorry I was so ungrateful I should have been all grateful I realized that if I start being grateful maybe I'll be happier and it worked right now I feel like when I think about my future it always involves my parents and my family that last time it was really selfish it was just me and my future but eventually I hope I'll'll be reaching that fight. So my father can retire. Because I always remember my father won't ever have. But I want you to be able to retire at H. where he can still go out, go play golf, he's to enjoy life in my mom. Yeah, that's the dream. Would you adopt children in the future? Yes, big yes. I love kids. That's one. I still think that adoption is as beautiful as I think as pregnancy is. But I think I will try to conceive first. If I give birthright, the kid will be the first person I know or have met that is biologically related to me. Yeah, I think I feel like I'm not alone anymore and I think I'll be the best feeling in the world because I... The young girl me would say I finally have a family. Yeah. There's anything you would like to tell your adoptive parents. Um... Oh shit. giving me the chance to live life and giving me the potential to be great in life. I think even though we went through a lot, I think it really made me the person. I mean, yeah, there are things that require certain need I'm better for sure. But no one taught them to be parents and I think that I didn't really did that best so yeah I think I owe it to them for a brand new people can give both the kids but there is a kid right I think it's hard yeah there are more offense than there are parents, which says a lot. Yeah. Because not everyone can be a parent. I hope you enjoyed this episode of Can Ask Me. I hope that this episode allowed you to reflect on the old relationships of parents as well. If you enjoyed this video, don't forget to subscribe and hit the notification button. Thank you for watching.