 I don't know how we display it on a science of aggression Maybe we take out our textbook It's a bit of a piece of stuff Hi, I'm Havi's I'm Gabe Hi, I'm Brian I'm Leah and this is Zula Jiches Okay, so in today's episode of Chikch, we will be talking about Boy School Culture. Okay, before we start, please tell us which school you guys are from. Okay, so I was from Rifos, institution, from San Juan de Ségfos, today I was my boy, boy, boy. You might be, it was my boy's school period. I was from San Michael, primary school, but now known as San Joseph's Junior, then after I went on to normal S.J. I went to San Stevens for primary school, and then I went to San Francisco and I went to San Francisco and I went to San Francisco and I was from a boys school but I was from C.J.J. talking about experiences that you guys have going to a boy school. Happy swimming against the off if you know why? Because you came from a quest and then you't have girls to it. It stuck me on like, me and me. I think like, well you just be like a bunch of nuggets or like, people who just wanna start me. But yeah, the friends that I mixed with mostly, probably like, maybe that's why I'm like, but...'m going to eat this one. Like you go to like the high-sink nose altogether. Yeah, so I don't know if it's like a thing for mixed schools where they are girls But it's in for a home-wise school we used to get like public killing everyday like not everybody like those in me. Oh my god. Yeah There are any cases of like bullying in school. I was the bully Okay, okay, like I didn't consider bullying essentially it was just my girlfriends We didn't bully anyone. I don't know. I think it's a big group thing. I just like, I group lot when something funny happens when someone sees something funny, maybe just like... Like, the person can still be one of my friends. It's even normal to affect his group. In my school, my song. Every day there was a fight. So the most epic one, right? And this was like a police case. Oh my god. Does this film, friends, do do having a conversation during reset? And then his friend apparently said that his girlfriend is very ugly so he got me and you get a dog that he told me to spot any signs. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I said the fair else before I apparently ate like four dogs on the head. Yeah, she's very beautiful. I'm just kidding, she's just kidding. What the fuck? What the fuck? You feel like worse pregnant, you didn't? Yeah. I'll bring support to us during like the December 8th. If there are new support outside of school, please don't talk to anybody, but everyone's fault is there a fault? Oh my god! Do I have like crushes on like female DJs. Definitely. Yeah. Very normal for me. Okay. Especially because we're all boys worried. There are no females around except the teachers. Yeah. Because I see these teachers all the time and they care themselves in a swing weight. That makes me a little bit more attractive to characters. Like that in other girls. Crushes. I wouldn't say like a serious Oh my god. I love you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, they know how to just when they stopped and they walked down the road and he pulled his elbow at the corner of the desk They went her butt like grace. It's elbow right then he's he hit you with this. They're like, sorry. You didn't actually like did he attach to the? She is sexual harassment. Oh, cool. So that was one time does this really teach us the class she had to really was very rowdy last and basically like they took off their shots and it started doing this a lot of time. Oh my god. I don't like sexual harassment. What's your identity? I think like especially now it's in a 2019 context right it's definitely sexual harassment. Oh harassment, what's your identity? I think like, especially now if it's in a 2019 context, right? It's definitely sexual harassment. I am a ten years ago, it was still sexual harassment. It was like, you can see, yeah. Not that it was overlooked. Yeah. It was... I guess even if it was all gone, it was for a lot. So, is there any, like, renting between, like, the boys' schools? Do you all have a particular person who knows how many other schools do you like this school? Do you like this school? They can't think for me and for for our boys because like I think our top rivals would be Catholic. Get high boys. Okay. Because first area we did the same with the city. Every time we see a high boy or what? I don't know how we display like one size of aggression maybe we take up a textbook I think like for said pets right like we honestly did not give two shits about the Academy ranking lot but for some reason, I don't like to be always disliked as GI Yeah, like always felt like as GI were like the no-deal and cool version of us Yeah, eventually we outgrow that a lot because after we were like brother school You mentioned something about like what the same pet's voice or who don't know where they see the kissy girl?, is that you see? Yeah, so basically after school every day, there were a few like hotspots where sepez voice would go to like look at SAC goals or like kchiko. So we always would go to like 6 max or like the mooring parade the maki era. It's G. I the nearest kutos I literally like friend like friend of me does down here. So SGS. What I put is it all some of the The Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Okay, it's funny as it is the hotspot for me, for my friends at this was Misha and I B. What? They got quite close to a group of RGS girls and Kresson or Seetah girls or so. So what they would do is have stylish sessions love the school. We move on to maybe talking about assembly transactions for assumptions people have about boys school boys. Yeah, and then actually one of them was because I did a episode on the school culture and then everybody said, oh, our girls, school girls, I was feeling behind it. Is it the opposite for guys to date people have the assumption of your eye gay? I think that's definitely like a percentage in some pets like, but we always use my father's GI of being like the gay or school. I don't know why. the stuff that we do together when we are in school We would strip someone down to his underwear in class, right? But I rather have the class ends and they just give me something a little bit of... No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I think in San Francisco, it's really quite tell that. They were like, they were a true teacher. They, I did! So, you know it for like playing soccer. So, that misconception is that boys school boys are very rich. My perception is that like all boys school, for example, like, ACS, Austin and Drew are the rich ones. Okay. Yeah, I didn't send pets like no I think for all right maybe because like is the branding loss I put it the image of an art assistance for the more underprivileged kids now. No doubt I have to say that some of us come from an above average household even in school right they teach us to be independent of our parents especially in terms of like finances. So as much as I came from an above average household right I was actually some some pod not I was living like day to day on the social of mother give me maybe because we are in independent school yeah the more wealthy parents yeah I'm always gonna spend a little bit more money to send their child to I guess an all girls are all boys cool people are going to like very more elite I think we a lot from like the R&I so like because RIs are also elite school. I think I did a very big boss down to who has a person. I think I was a boss, who you come from. And also the kind of friends you've mixed with. For me, I couldn't really experience any of these like pretentious, need your... the elite, these mindset. All the perceptions right after the bio parent generation. Then they just like, pass fun in your friends. I think we still have to take note of how important economics is also. It's not something that you can just draw a way. But instead use your dynamics as a bros group, encourage each other, push each other. And as we go through the influence that we have on one, I would say culture is very unique So when you go to the inside, you need to work. You just work hard and you don't be yourself. Make good friends. That's great. Don't discriminate based on the school. So we can say we can't do this episode. Check out something about Boy School culture. If you guys are from Boy School and you feel like you want to add on to any of the comments that the cast have made you feel free to leave in the comments down below. Also let us know what else to talk about next time. And don't forget to like, share and subscribe. Bye! Bye bye!