 I was thought that I've been in a room like every time they tried to call my name I did not respond I feel confused and the moment I was diagnosed with moderate hearing loss I did ask myself a lot is this the end of my career? Am I able to work in the world like you need to look after cancer patients? But she was always there for me. She was telling me why not you give it a try and perform it with you this time. Maybe things will get better. Feels like she's giving a chance for me to pursue my passion. When I was younger I actually want to be a nurse because I was brought up by my single mother. So whenever I've witnessed my mom for sick when I was younger I feel so helpless and I didn't know what to do. So at the part I kept telling my mom my mom my mom like you know what I'm going to be a nurse one day so whenever I felt sick right then I know what to do next. Because of the promise to my mom that keeps me going. As a new human-eat user, you tend to hear all the background noises that you have on this show for the past 20 years. Sometimes the hospital environment can be very loud. I was scanning and there's a Vip sound at the same time. There's another Vip sound from the Bailot call and the phone call at the same time. Yeah, it's very overwhelming. I can hear all kinds of sounds, like all come together. So far from my experience, my patients will not even know that I have hearing issues until actually told them. So it doesn't affect my performance and skills. Most of them cannot see, unless you're right beside me. Because it's just a transparent do-wing hanging around my youth. So far so good. And last year my mum actually diagnosed with stapl cancer. The doctor, the threat that she has to be in perectines like few as comfortable as possible before the end of life. So because of that I actually went back to Malaysia just to look after my mom being a full-time caregiver. It's scary to go through the process by herself. She said that if I'm not around, she would have died in a hospital instead of at home, which is something that she didn't want to. I was able to be careful until her last day. I slept with her until her last breath. Because her last was to me was, I feel safe with you. to provide the best utmost comfort care for those same situation as my mom. you