 It came as kind of a blind side for me because I was like go from like my job at midnight of Singapore time I was logged out of everything. I really yeah. That is so., encouraged to call this guy to ask him up for prom. And he said no. Not like I think I'm the best person out there, but yeah, it was like a... Yeah, I thought we were pretty good friends. You have to sing, yeah. Yeah. If you're out there watching this person, you... Yeah, you say not to win the hello. Hello. So I don't necessarily feel a lot from my work rejections. But for the 2020 to one, it came as kind of a blind side for me because I was like, go from my job. I'm just like, I have a Zoom call schedule and then I enter the Zoom call. Okay, cool what's like this about it. And it's like, so you have 15 days left. And you're 15 days on this stats now and you are just not a right fit for the company and we felt that it's better this way. And you don't have to work the next 15 days your work stops to do. the company. Like, I'm not such a bad person. Like, you have to cut me off now and it's not even like, what the next like notice, you know, it's like now and gone, you're gone. I was super sad that night when it happened because at midnight of Singapore time, I was logged out of everything really. Yeah. So, that is what I said. So, I was like, demon mind, I was like, what did you do? Did I like like what why is it so like cut like so cut for you give us a cut during cold. Yeah, anyway, so I felt so beset dead deep because I think I was like wondering like okay, so am I just not cut out to do this kind of work? I mean, like thinking about it. Yeah, I do feel like, okay, if I would have pushed the state and yes, like it would just be me trying to like put it kind of front. Yeah. To work. Yeah. In a place where I don't feel the most passionate. Right. So in that sense that what we just should solve like, was something good because it let you do find a place that you can go and, like, a different direction you can go to. Sometimes, we might be forced to find that silver lining ourselves in order to make the process much more purposeful, well-enjoyable. Like, for example, I always wanted a BNS. Can't tell tell right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I applied for nursing so many times and I got rejected so many times. I even get so many people to help me write recommendation that the, you know, like my, the, we're crossing up our records director, my, my form teacher, everyone I know recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of the recording of a silver lining because uh true the years after the rejection and everything it allowed me to find passion in other areas that I never thought I had like community services it's because I didn't get to the thing right that's why I got myself involved in so many volunteering so that that is I don't help people it's still there yeah the desire to help people is still there and I'm like, oh, actually I can help people through this way to, it's not too bad. I'm glad I didn't get accepted because if I did, I don't think I'll be sitting here. Yeah, sure. I don't think I'll be sitting here or renting about why I'm going to get to here. Yeah, I guess because I didn't really face a huge, huge work rejections or career rejections because like I was on a scholarship So it really dictated the path that I was going to take. I was going to be an M.O.E. for minimum four years because of the contract. So when I left that job and then Travel then and came back to do a McKorea train change. I realized that at 30 right I've never written a CV before. And I didn't even have a LinkedIn page because I said, did you do a LinkedIn? And sometimes I feel like rejections help you to grow, you know, help you to put yourself out there more, have that confidence because you face that rejection. And so it's very, very scary for me. And I was just like, yeah, I wrote a quite a convincing cover letter, starting with H is just a number. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But like anyone respond. I mean, I was just like, what? Would you know what would have happened to you if you, if your scholarship was rejected? Um, I mean, I wonder if like a nice answer to wait, but I was like no lack of a kangaroo Okay, yeah, I think I can get it and if I don't get it then Fine other scholarship. That's my mom told me like I need to find my own university education. So that was really talk to me like when I was in J.C. So that I cannot have I cannot afford to fail. Yeah, but not to say I don't pay some checks on a daily basis like because of what we do as video journalists we need to find profiles. We need to pitch our ideas to our bosses like it's a daily thing. Profits are going to say no. And then there's no silver lining. It's just no one. I have no other option. Find another story. You find another profile. And you know, and that's your best profile that rejected you, but you have no choice but to just deal with it. So I think in cases where there's no silver lining, then you just need to accept and move on or just have to excuse you. Yeah, I mean like you're right, you said mistakes are different for everybody. Yeah, but I think one thing that was said to me that like really helps in dealing with rejection and I'm moving on a bit. It's like the worst thing that can happen is they say no. It's true. And then the best thing that can mean is to get something out of it it. So I think when we're talking about this, it's still feels quite like millennial concerns. Yeah, we don't have to raise our kids or anything. Yeah. Whereas for people with the help family and any face rejection, right? The sticks are a lot bigger. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we definitely do have more options, like given the kind of circumstances like it's really a software village. I think in life you always have a lot of um, no always goes through a lot of notes and I don't deny you of I was too fuset yeah like if I don't continue or just I was too fuset. Yeah, I forgot about it. I said old year. I don't need to experience another like come to toptops pot to like. Yeah, but I think it's just a perspective switch for me like at least personally in my own life. In my mind I turn around and like it's like no, not you, no thank you to me but it's like no I want to thank you for saying that no. No. We would like to thank the National Arts Council for supporting this video and showing us how there's a silver lining behind every rejection. If you're also feeling bogged down by work, why not take a setback and slow down so appreciate life and the arts. Enjoy our collaborative performance with the Laurent Boys and Luc Chong from Triple 5 beatbox and any seast latest that arts can inspire your everyday campaign. You can also check out the NEC website for more such performances. Okay, now back to the video. Pay attention, yeah. You'll feel like rejections are what is the worst or either things? If you ask me like maybe two years ago, I was saying yes. Because my life was like really about what made it down. Yeah. Yeah. Like ask me now, no. Okay. What's worse? What's worse? Apply for VT or Geogurge? That's sad. That's sad. You look at the email where she's very interesting. I don't think what rejection is my... now a lot. It's a big thing for me. I told my car and boyfriend that if this ever often ends, I will not be single for like, you hear that? Well actually that's true, I can't know I've learned from today's session. Kill out their sounds or for more. Do you have any new insights or support? I learned that. Yeah, I know reflection now. I know what. I feel like it's real of like affirmation hearing the way that like other people have like the rejection soft gives new perspective and If it's nicer to go know that like other people are going to the same thing with you. So if you like what you heard today, do like, share and subscribe to our content and if you face what plays rejections I've got more juicy stories sorry to tell us tell us in the comments section or this advice for us you get what place I love you can also add a comment do it next time