 I just think that life is more beautiful with more colours. It should not be just restricted to painting or flower arrangement. I think food can also be fun with colours as well. Hello, I'm Joy from Year Light 70 Lights. I'm selling Hemat noodles at the past three over years. Why do I make colour fumion? with that would be much better as well. It's me fresh every day. We don't use any food coloring in our food when making the dough. It's meant to be a comfort food. It's meant to be healthy. If you use a food colour, when you actually cook it, all these colourings will actually come out. When you take the dough, the dough will probably be white. If it is natural from the fruit itself or from the veggie itself, the soap base will just be a slight change on the colour. I wanted the four primary colours of red, blue, yellow and green. For red, that's the beetroot one. The blue is the blue pea. The yellow is the pumpkin. The green one is the spinach. Every different color has got its different properties, so spinach. Because of its fiber, four people who have foul, one problem. Yeah, that's also very good thinking. beetroot is an anti-obshident. So there's a prevention of cancer, pumpkin. It's very rich in vitamin C. It actually gives a glow, blue pea. If you consume it daily, it can give you very good shiny hair, but much better eyesight. So they have their own personality, they have their own characteristics. It's just like my play-doh. It's fun playing with what you actually cook. My mom is the main catalyst as to why I started to learn how to cook. My grandmother passed away when I was 16. After that, we kind of lost a great cook. We started eating up. And I don't just eat it. My mom was eating less than that. I think that throughout all all these years my mum has always been very used to having home food. I told myself, actually why not? I could try. So I started asking my aunties, people who I feel were really great cooks. And eventually I came up with my own recipe. If it wasn't for her, I think I would never have found my passion that I actually like cooking. The best satisfaction comes when people come up to you and they're like, you're farming and it's really good. It gives me that home co-piel. It's much better than having your pay rise, better than striking for the... That's actually what is keeping me going. They don't have to tell you that this is the best. You don't have to be the best. That would definitely be somebody better than you. But as long as it's something that when they eat it, they feel that this is the right taste for them. I think that it's good enough for me. you