 My friends and I were having a couple of drinks and my friends just said, look how ch brand, a brand, a brand, a brand, a brand, a brand, a brand Now we have only one skewer which is our short-risk skewer. The idea was conceived when I was walking in a streets of Japan with my parents. We saw this place owned by a Japanese inn. He knew it's yes, he knew exactly what they wanted when he came in and wanted to create something similar here. When we first started it was challenging. A lot of people were race-gapped about this place. Waste on my money. We'd be better close-up. We saw these other things. I think a lot of motivation comes intrinsically where we see that we can produce results that nobody talked that we could take. What you think is constructive from this heating and apply effective video yourself. Ultimately, it's a hidden gem to them. It's like a surprise find in such an area. The charcoal itself, when it burns, it burns at a higher temperature. So everything is nicely sealed and the smokey flavor is different. A lot of people say this is a taste of earlier times. I found out that I like cooking when I was 14. It was difficult to come out as someone that wants to pursue this. My parents and I explored the option of green to a culinary program. For me it was, I was pretty that I was gonna follow this path all the way. I guess I knew what I wanted to do since I was 14. Every hawker has a story and it's just so happens that I'm younger. Young people should pave the way for other younger people to let them see that actually is doable. I encourage more young people to explore the option of being an hawker. To push boundaries of what a new age of the center could be because there's a lot of emphasis on younger generations being a full entrepreneur. I want to be a farmer, a life-old real for someone that really likes to cook. I think it's important for me to get into actually to produce the livestock, the whole chain that I'm not currently exposed to. It gives a deeper sense of appreciation of people who are actually doing this and learn to try and get ingredients more. I think really that's the ultimate goal, and I'll just do some chickens, eat some pigs, pet some cows and put some plants. It was almost...