 I find it quite therapeutic to clean dishes. You have no cares in a world. If Hopkins is a lopsop, yeah, lopsop to us, it's like you eat dirty, you grow up dirty. Sometimes I ask what am I doing for my life? When I first started, guess a dishwasher, it was a real struggle. I was very scared of the filth. Mana, see ya. Thank you, man. You will see the grime and rotting food sometimes because of the smell, it will make you like, like, yay. Heating is the great ambassador of my family. My mom, she actually has been in this line for quite a while now. A couple of decades in fact. I really respect her a lot because she is so red winner. She brought me and my sister up, single handed me. I was faced with a decision on whether I should go to uni or come into this dishwashing line to help my mum but I realized that maybe you don't need a degree to wash dishes yeah I don't think she can keep pulling at this pace much longer so yeah I just need to step into help and debate this burden of her. Thank you. My colleagues are on their own. They are like my almost age. It's just very wholesome like you. just that I'm walking in terms of processes. Yeah, I wanted to make that. It was also tough because sometimes when I bought me to people, I actually know. It was like, how badly he messed up his life, to be cleaning today and washing dishes or during the trash. If I were to see, like, oh, this is my mom's company. I'm working. I feel that it's very small-ish. It discredits all the hot water that put it. Being a seven doesn't mean that you're the lowest. In fact, it's a joy to serve people. Growing up without a debt, it made me somewhat insecure sometimes. But it was in church that I found my confidence. So I think I'm growing up like that. It has all started with me. Yeah, I can find joy in serving people. I started to turn my coping with Gettysburg humor. So if people ask me, I'm a boy in the gym, the gym is a really happy, I'll tell them all. I can't sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure the most glamorous, but yeah, it's still a form of serving people. They're always just in the background, but they are the invisible force that keeps your everyday life running. So I just hope that next time anyone sees a younger person actually, it's not because they messed up their life, but it is still an honest job. It is like food on the table or if I stand eye growing up. you