 Hi, my name is Jacqueline. I'm a mother of three girls. Two of my elders are set Cheryl and you this. This year there will be 21. There was once, I brought them for a parakamoe tribe and instead of staying in a canoe to try out, they jumped into the pool and at the beginning they stood with the journey to the Para Canoe tribe. It was very far, it was from the most west to the east and after a while I see that they are smiling, they are playing happily. Chili Bix me feel is still worth it. In the English stages, I was able to understand them. Everything that I have even my laptop, I work, and then fell asleep when I wake up. All the keys are gone. My girl practically peed off every single of the key. I was like, how many $2,000 do I have to buy a new laptop? Those were the time I was really, really driving me nuts, you know? Like, I cannot even leave normally. Some of them are really, I told the state that I'd really do not know what to do. And the thought of society has always come to my mind. At work, I met in Hawaii, at home, I'm a mother. So what about me? Who is Shakil? I grew up in a single parent family. I have many missed opportunities and that actually sets me wanting to give all that to my children so that they can grow up the way that I dream I could grow up with. I want picture motherhood to be someone who actually brings kids to enrichment classes, go to good primary school and on weekends we can go out for meals, shopping, during school holidays we can go on vacation together. I thought that would be Jacqueline's life but life is not like that for me. I was in denial until when the above eight years old my pediatrician told me this very strong statement, You say, such a word to a mother. I don't think my child are mentally retarded. They are just slow. But that's this incident where I teach my twin how to take a seat from a car. But just the action took me three weeks. Three solid weeks, every day, try for at least two hours. On the day, that she managed to pick up a cup and take a seat, I found myself really crying. I think he finally finally she did it. I also want myself to remember this feeling. Remember the time you teach her how to drink a stick a seat from the cup. Over the past 20 years, a lot of ups and downs in upbringing my girls, but myself I felt that my mental health mental strength is growing stronger. I have grown so much that I don't always rely on external factors to tell me what I'm doing is right or wrong. So even though I know this thing I do, I may regret it later on, but I feel that this is the best way I will do it. And later on I regret it, I will say yes, I will try. Yeah, I think that is the biggest strength that I have, I have an idea in this journey.