 The girl was asking the father, why the guy is so shocked. The usual questions that kids will ask out of curiosity. Is going on me here on the street? Yes. It's good that kids are asking and they are observing and the observations skills are pretty good. I found out about my condition when I was about 4 to 5 and I realized my classmates, their body proportion were different from me. And my legs and my hands were shorter. My head was bigger. They started to mock at me. In terms of why your head is so big. It did kind of really, really disturb me. Why can't I lead a normal life? That's my shit. Um, affect home, I will have to use a stool to reach something that is higher than even, but also it trains me to find creative ways to overcome my problems. whether it's my parents, born like that, that's why I'm like that. I don't blame them for asking because I'm more than see if I... The growing stages we've smashed over, I only started to walk at age of 4. I always blame my condition for affecting my learning abilities. I have to work like other than anyone else. They affected my level of confidence to achieve certain goals. The change happened when I found my passion in photography, when I was graciously accepted in a film school. The lecturers there sent me for who I am and no special treatment is given to me. I found joy in capturing long week of work. I feel very encouraged. You know sometimes they don't say it, but you know that you have done your part. You make sure for the actual conversation through a work. I have gone through a lot since the times of going in my childhood. I don't want others to feel the same. I feel that the people who are born with this very good condition and to plan here are being shelf away. They are still being spoken about. Since this was my purpose and motivation to come up and to share about this condition. One thing I will tell my younger self is to not to allow other people's comments, feedback, affect me. Take the step forward to understand myself better and to have the confidence in myself.