 On the dating apps people will ask me, also you will work in the CBD as well. Truthfully, I also work in the CBD. Yeah, yeah, the lunch is always very busy in Hokus Center. Then we get to the point where they will finally ask me about my profession and then I will just have to tell them. Yeah. My name is Faisay. Morning. And I run a small coffee store in Amma's street food center called Coffee Break. I think my friends in the beginning, they don't understand why I would settle to be a hocker. The most common comments that I get would be, ah, make money man. Oh, you're so young. We will buy from you man. This is your full-time job. Your income in Aba. And most times when they find out that I have bachelor's, they will be like, oh, so why are you still in a hug center? Very deliberately, my bachelor's is targeted towards this business. Thank you. I'm actually a major in marketing. It does help in improving the business like our point of sales system, our staffing system. Before I started as a copy hacker, I was actually a full-time athlete. So I used to play fish for a bit more for Singapore. The pressures of playing on court versus having to deal with a lunchtime slam with a team behind you has many similarities. So usually our lunch crowd starts coming at about 12pm. So we're already preparing for a walk. It's like a battlefield. I have to depend on my teammates and I have to play to each other's strengths. I'm very vocal and I like the communication. Hot, hot, hot, this is hot. Thank you. Obviously, it costs all. So usually I am the front man because one I can control my team. Every time it things you need to have a little bit. And I also can control the customers who are inpatient for their drinks. All right, thanks for waiting, sir. Thank you! I'm going to go to the actually really stuck from the start. But it's because I believe in your father and I believe in his children. That's why I gave you guys a chance and stuck by you. We were always good luck when we first started our own. And very thankful for regular school stuck by us. And that's what we need. Obviously, you should die. Bye shoes I just think it's quite special My personal motto is to be reliable, to be here for my staff, my customers, everyday without fail when we say we are going to be here I do see myself doing this for the rest of my. I enjoy the service, the rush, the adrenaline that comes. Every time I watch them. When I'm older, probably I cannot take care of that. Until I cannot, I will keep doing it. you