 Although the cemetery eats a bit scary, anything can happen inside. No one knows. But to me, it's very peaceful. You won't ruin your own time to do your art. It's a great thing to me, Lana. Hi, my name is Roheiza and I'm a part in the Church of Cong Cemetery. I to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the ground and I'm going to go to the grave and leave flowers, do minor cleaning. I will send pictures before and after. I am a scary cat. There's a few high warming brands. One of it, her late mom just passed away. She also can always eat because she is in Australia. After I leave flowers, she come here again. She cried over the food and I just say, I'm very blessed to know that you are doing this to me very, very, very, very, because to touch someone's heart, right? It's very, very difficult. It's not about the money. In a way, I'm just helping the community. Before this, I'm a safety coordinator. I've been working in the industry for more than four years. My job was to get affected due to the COVID-19. So I was affected very badly, so I don't know where to get income. I don't have a very good education. I drop off my idea. So I told myself this is not a reason to stop me from being successful. My job office, I don't like to give up easily. Example like COVID-19 cannot physically sell flowers. If that's the case right, we find other tonity, we sell online. Every close path, there's always an open path. So never, never give up, never give up. you