 Mr. Speaker, let me thank the Minister for the clarification as well as for clearing the air on this issue. In fact, many of us have received feedback from our residents that are giving comments that every time the government increases subsidy, the childcare operator will increase their fees. It seems to be corresponding, but I think the Minister for producing the data as well as statistics, that's really important. It is still quite tough for middle-income families. is The other group that I'm a little bit concerned with is for the non-working madness. I think that I understand there's already additional subsidy for non-working madness if they fulfill the criteria. My think is that currently now, how many of these children belong, who enjoy subsidies are belonging to the non-working madness, can we equalize both groups instead of making them apply to this criteria? If you were to put working matters. Many, many operators private not for profit as well as M. difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. So we have to make a difference in the future. course, some centres, private operators that charge say thousands of dollars in fees and make adjustments in the hundreds of dollars. That is quite a different situation altogether. For the vast vast majority, they should see fall in childcare fees from January next year. And as I said from January 2021, for partner operators, we will bring down the fee caps, even further, and thereafter, they can cooperate this. We'll see you all for as well. So that is on your first question. The second point is on families with many children. And so apart from looking at total household income, we also look at for families with many dependents and more children preschool, we will look at it from a capital basis so that they can get even more support. On non-working mothers, the support provided to them takes into account the fact that because they're working, they will need a full-day childcare. And by working mother, we're talking about working two days a week. And that can include the informal sector as well. So there is a degree of flexibility. And the fact working mother status is converted for mother works for two days, week of 50, roughly 56 hours a month. We do a grand special approval if mothers have keygiving needs for children younger than 24 months or if they're looking after other dependents. For those who are looking for employment, we make concessions for them and allow them to benefit from the full subsidy. And for those who are non-working mothers, what they can do is they can go for the basic subsidy for the full day childcare or if not, they are at home with no other key giving responsibilities other than their young children, then there is the option to go for kindergarten with Kiefa subsidies. So then half day they get the pedagogical support, the other half day time with the parents, time with family, family bonding time.