 We have people who come in and give $2 for a buffet meal. But we also have people who come in and give $50 just for Jose. I don't think it really matters how much everyone gives because at the end of the day, if that's all they can afford, that's all they can afford. We always make enough for us to open the next day and continue serving people. Tomorrow God would come to your house and have a meal. You wouldn't give God a bill at the end of the day. A lot of people, the first that comes to mind is it's free food. But we simply do not price our food. We just want to provide home-styled food to anyone without them having to worry about the money. Initially when I first started off volunteering here, it really made me very, very angry and very upset to see people giving 5 dollars for a meal or even 2 dollars. I remember this one, this guy gave the very small amount of his meal and a few days later this guy comes back and he said I like to give back one at all. At that point I really thought to myself, it was so easy for me to judge the person without really understanding what was going on in their own personal lives. I realized it's not my job to question how much people give. Instead, my job is very simple. My job is just serve good quality food and the money will come when it needs to come. Because you need the torsées to actually stick a little bit and then after it releases I've been making toasted now ever since I started in 2016 for lunchtime you can see me behind the toasted tower making those us Yes, this is the game There are no tricks. It's not like a top and yucky but something like that Instead being at the life station helps me communicate with people. And sometimes I find a lot of people Indians, especially giving a lot of wrong information to people who don't know my spoto say. So for example, we have a special type of toasted called a jafnato say. When people see yellow color, they're like, oh, it must be a pester in a day, which are actually two different styles of toasted. They don't even use rice in them. Some always coming to unleash me and serving people this way has just been the right fit for me. At the end of the day there's nothing more important in life than your own peace of mind and your own mental and personal happiness. My grandmother and grandfather were one of the first few volunteers to come in seeing my grandparents come here and effortlessly serve for nearly 30 years. I kind of caught that spirit I guess. When Analakshi first began it was a group of grandmothers and mothers who came together to help provide the recipes and cook. When people come here and have a meal it feels like they're being fed by a loved one. There's something really beautiful in being able to give back without expecting anything in return to serve someone good food and then they look at you and say thank you so much. I've been away from home for so long but today you help me remember my mother. It's because the volunteers who come here are so involved, are so passionate that I don't think money has ever been affected for. Not just me, but for any of us who serve here in an unlikest me.