 I think that last year somebody DM me like, hi can you take something your photos are on like in similar like, echina cinema group kind of thing? Yeah, I said I definitely screenshot so that but I said no there's no screenshots but I can see in the link to join but it was a very suspiciously long link and I said you have to put your phone number. Why? Welcome back to T- tea talks and today we have not new guests like Nicole's not so new. We have a little face. We have a little face. But we have a new guest like Minnie. We're going to talk a lot about scam city and how susceptible we are to scams. Have you guys fallen or have any encounters with Scam too far? that front. So basically I was overseas and then I went from the me to the site to check my credit card, I said, my manager changed me like once every mile and so right. And then I saw like thousand plus plus plus the doctor or my credit card and they checked my debit card and for some reason like a few other thousands did that. So I caught them and you're like, okay immediately, you know, can't do all your cards. We were like, we done you the money just like file your claims and that, yeah. So, yeah. But you got your money back. I did, I think that probably the scariest part was that I didn't know where it came from or what was the source of like? Like, you don't know how they got the numbers and correct. Correct. Because, I mean, usually you use a phone for everything now, basically. Like, you link your cats to your and then you use your phones to like buy things from like shops. You scan your skin there. So I think maybe it's through that but like there's really no way to verify right? So right. Yeah, no, I've seen like recent posts about people who download apps and then those like apps in turn, track your bank movements or something like yeah. So... Oh my gosh, I better go and look at my steering wheel. I need to check out my steering wheel. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you. I said you't know if you saw on the news. Yeah, they're basically this 60-O moment. She saw an egg. This chocolate was skin for free babo tea. So she's skinned it, and she woke it in the morning. I think $20,000 was taken from her bank account. But it's exactly what, when we see it, right? It's probably in the night. Because you're not the software access to like a bank account details I were following for that Really? I've downloaded many things for free like what? Okay so far there's been no scams but if a shop tells me just download this app or just fill in this survey for a free drink or free dumpings every four things don't done everything allegedly like the woman who's came to QR code for the free property even though it was at the Baba T shop and then run an empty scam application just to make sure everything is good. You should also check whether you have any unauthorized bank transactions that has been done through another device. Yeah, I hear now that the banks are actually rolling out this new measure to lock a certain amount that you have digitally like in a vault almost. So it can be digitally transferred up. But if you want to transfer money, you have to probably go in person, like to an ATM, or like a branch to like kind of like do with yourself, yeah, do that big transfer. So like then have you ever felt fell for any or encountered any like fishing schemes? I think like last a good idea. Did somebody record me in a changing room? I said I definitely screenshot because they figured that's what you're doing, right? Yeah, so they said no, that's not screenshots, but I can see in the link to join and I said oh yes, please I thought it would be like maybe a white sandwich here or something, but it was a very suspiciously long link with no We're not a common domain name or it's happening. So it's okay went in and I said you have to put your phone number. Why? Yeah. Why isn't this just a telegram group chat? Why? It's not like the internet. It's like a bit suspicious already. So I said, it didn't work. He said, you have to put a real number. I was like, how do you know I did them? Did I mean this was creepy? Yeah. I was like, okay, these were suspicious. I asked around. I post out my history of sorry, I saw a lot of people came and said, it's a scam, don't fall for it. I was thinking. It's a thing, bro. How they think? The weak spot and the attack date. I know where you're Vad and Robo and then they just... It's so common for these things to happen, but in terms of spreading pictures around, so God always has that lingering fear. It's so scary and to explore it. It's just very evil. So The conversations float very personal. It it's true telegram. Yeah, a study room like a conversation kind of thing. She was quite skeptical initially, but once she's transferred, right? And then she saw the returns. And there's this trust building basis that you go through, right? And once you realize it, it's really money is easy to earn. So you would dare to invest a little more. She continued to invest, continued to give until one day the return didn't come back. So that was when it got really bad and they didn't get back to her and they were once she realized, oh my god, this is a scam because this is it, I just got scammed because it's 20 k. It bores up to 20 k. It's a lot of sex, sex, right? I don't want to say that I would never, I think there's a high possibility that it might happen. I hear that there are some ways that you can prevent these drop scams which is basically if a company approaches you and you should do background research now and the company also don't pay to secure a job offer. Because I think it's a bit weird don't fall for this like too good to be through true like you Do something small and then you get a quick buck and don't give out your personal details like a phone number So yeah, so I think that's how you kind of at least land these you can just think of this together. Yeah, yeah This is at-caught sketchy. The fox icon right you've me before. Oh, I have it on my phone. It's basically just a started one and you've set that up once. Then it prevents scammers from calling you in the first place. Oh, yeah. I mean, that's really annoying. In store now. I'm starting. Right. Scared. Talking about venues. I'm just not even seeing that these sharing of stories online helps to normalize composition. I was watching TikTok and then I saw a video of this girl who was talking about how she got scammed by these like rental, Facebook market place rental, posting. So basically what happened was that she saw a posting on Facebook and then she contacted the agent because she was interested in reviewing. So it's just like, okay, I know available for you to come out to the A. But I'm not free, so I get my P.A. to bring you source. Okay, actually, I was with the P.A. to get to the house. Okay, extra person. Okay, extra person. Oh my God. And the actual house. Okay. You did. She was like, oh yeah, very nice. Okay, she's very good. Price not bad. She was like, I pushed my luck. As for like a salilua, monthly feed, then the agent would be like, yeah, I can can can, no problem, no problem. No fight like, no fight. No fight. And she's like, okay, it's ass. They started to like, oh yeah, can quickly sign, you know? Like if you like it today, then we signed it to the, which is where like, usually it doesn't really happen there really. Yeah, you need some discussion. Correct. And this might be of like, bad for what she did was that she went to ask one of her friends with a real estate agent to go and check like the real estate agent, the positive tree, real estate This is the first time I've been in this fashion. We are doing this high level Speaking of shopping online, also on Instagram scrolling and then this came up for a moon lamp basically a lamp ship like a moon It's like you're not like I was like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like, oh my god, I look so nice. I'm so nervous. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I can't be. I't I just like I have to have you What are my kind? I can watch it now. Oh my god. I would check my bank account to see there was like any other transactions But I mean doing the half-life was just one that was deducted. Then I was like, oh damn. Thank God, it was just like the one I thought. Yeah, so if you shop online or any like e-commerce website, please remember to check reviews and I think you save payment methods. Yeah really love reviews to see like... I mean, okay, hearing all the story, Shetidii, realized that everyone of us has kind of... I know, I see it, I see it for you. Thank you. I don't obviously, I look skable both. But I am very diligent in checking things. I think, out of everything that we've shed today, it really pays to be safe rather than sorry. And apparently they're saying three tips. Okay. Do not fall for us again. Okay. How to prevent yourself from falling for an education? Yeah, it is. Is act the acronym ACT. Oh, yeah. One is a A is Ed, Scam Shield Ed. Oh, it's huge. Oh, it's huge, yeah. It's huge, yeah. It's huge, yeah. It's huge, yeah. And then C is to check for Scam signs with official sources. So I know like, not so nice, like you will receive news, like about, okay, there's this kind of scam going around on like the banks would tell you like this is kind of scam going on. Don't offer it, yeah. So just check with official sources for these news. Maybe like go just to verify. Yeah, scam signs. So last one is to tell the authorities, your friends and families about these scam encounters. Right. Yeah. So don't you think yourself? Yeah. Basically whatever issue you've been doing it very well. You've been acting. I've said very well. Yeah, so this is like what? The other city says it's been a very educational episode of T-colon club. A lot and we'll see you guys on the next episode. See you next time. Bye! I almost did.