 She was like, I can't do you want to see a surprise? And she did this, was good. And she was like, look underneath. And look, it was a massacre down there. It was just blood all the way. Hi. Hi. Do you have any period horror stories? I I just as folding it then I looked around. No, sorry. There's no pin here. There's no dustbin anyway inside. In my head I was like this guy has a surround sound gaming system. He has a walking wardrobe but he doesn't have a dustbin in his toilet and then he's like outside he's like you okay? And I'm like I don't want to tell him that I have no way to throw my pet. So I really sat in there for 10 minutes trying to figure out what to do and then eventually somehow somewhere I got a plastic bag and I started in my plastic bag and I like to show my book. I was like I came out the toilet and I was like, how I need to go home now? I think it's like what? I was like, bye! Then I used to do myself out of there. If you are a male viewer you are watching this video and you are a male, can you tell me do you have you? That's been in your toilet. I'm perplexed. I was so traumatized by it, I can even remember the exact date it was the first of January We were sleeping and I woke up because I felt like my dad went and I was like shit, still don't exist a bit, la! Oh my god. She never scold me. She just stick over those sheets and then put them in the bed. I was gonna go on a trip and overseas trip with my classmates. They're like the P5 overseas trip that. And it was to 19 China. And it was my first time away from my parents alone together in my friends. Then on the day itself, when I got on the school bus, I first, and the next thing I knew from one passing up, all the to Chiang Yibo. My whole pet went to walk up, right? It was a bloodbath. It was just red. And I was like, oh my god, what a damn deal. It was a beer. What a fucking beer. Now, whereas, oh shit, it's my beer. When I stood up, right, I felt so bad because I got the blood stain on the bus seat. It's not a leather kind of way. You can just use the issue the white it's the cushion kind you know but it was so good then I think I tried to take like some tissues or whatnot I really try to white whatever I could oh my god this is like a black barfit it was so disgusting it was like one of my heavier spirits I don't't know why for a P5 go I like I was like 11 and why did what it's much black on me? I took the video now it's spray I spray water all I took some bit to shoot like I really good spray my jeans out of the toilet board and make sure that everything was dry. I always like kind of walk out of the cubicle like half neck got right. So I did I wore back my jeans and I didn't know the head dryer. I just stood under there and I'm just gonna try. I don't have any specific period horror stories but every time I sneezed during my period it's just like a... I love them hard. And I was like the japan flute. If you have white color schools, I think you will understand the pain. For 10 years of my life, my school uniform wasn't completely white. At last time I remember my mother used to say like, wow, what uniform? Damn, troublesome. Very, very easy state. And you know what? This is exactly what happened. It was a Saturday summer. Then it just happened where we had to go back to school for some school and even service celebration or something. So, okay, imagine right? The whole freaking school is in the auditor. And then there was a party time where I think the guess of honor or something like in Boston was a war into the building. I ran into stan to collect right. The moment I stan, my husband from the black sheep turned to ministry. Oh my god, your scot-go-stan. I like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm damn serious, darling. The worst part is in front of the few rules of people that would be having right. I still need to like run to the nearest toilet, which is freaking far by the way and then I had to like explain to my teachers like cause some important person fucking in front of you imagine I just challenge when we run off and then it's like can you like sit down just like that person. Obviously no no no no no you don't listen I got going out like that's to go right now so I do and I ran out. I mean at the point in time it's not possible to hide it from anybody but also like your dad's dad's dad and like nobody would kiss. So when I remember I need to go to the toilet and then it was quite packed so there's only like one cup of garlic. Now when I was like what are these smells so funny so I look over the was full, be pet and then you can see very some pet is not even red with the tissue paper, you know, but you can see the big squat and the black stuff. Yeah, that was in goes like like staying and you cannot close and on top there, right? It's even one pimple, you know, and it's so and I talk about it. I still remember the smell of the pimple but a horror story I would say is when I was in the toilet, I'm not sure what it is, but I'm not sure what it is. I could hear my seniors outside laughing and me when I was changing my pet. I felt very embarrassed at that part of time to be called out in a sense for changing my pet so loudly. So I did a waiter in the toilet for about 10 minutes and I was very cautious when I left because I didn't make sure that they went back all the way to the classroom before I even leave the toilet just in case you know like I don't know maybe from way from me outside to see who is this girl, she near pets all out leave. I couldn't try to sound just changing my pet and like you'll still have a mentoring right like I've been in a girl school for 10 years so that means all things periods are super normalized sometimes and across the room I say anybody go up there they were just thoughts across and you slowly normal so in set three we were having assembly and we sat on my bed. She was like, Ah, I can't. Do you wanna see a surprise? First of all, this assembly is really boring. I would love to see a surprise. Second of all, I don't want to be so also I just say, yes, sure. And she did this, was good. And she's like, look underneath. And I was just so bored and brain date from the assembly. I just, okay, I look. It was a massacre down there. It was just blood all the way It's not like she leaked or anything. She was free bleeding Free bleeding from her young hotspendies We were quite like sitting Chris Cross, right? And then she just drank her butt on the floor and she left a bloody snail trail on the ground And I did not know how to react. I was just staring at the trail I just didn't know how to say I felt like if I say, why are you doing? She's gonna beat me up. If I pointed it out, I wouldn't bear it. So I did not know what to say. I just like, great. Cool, good things. Thank you for watching this episode. Let us know in the comments what else you'd like us to share about. Don't forget to like, share and subscribe. Bye!