 We are therefore, refine the processing of work-pass application for EP. Currently, in processing EP applications, we assess only the individual related criteria, the allocation, the experience, the salary. Going forward, we'll also be looking at three additional factors. They are company related. So not just individual related criteria, but also company related. And the assessment will be carried by Kariya Bay, Tafet, Trappata Alliance for Fair and Progressive Employment Practices. First assessment, how strong is the Singaporean call in this company today? Majority of the companies that I mentioned earlier in the same industry have healthy Singaporean call, but their outliers significantly weaker than the industry norms. Second assessment, with a weak Singaporean call today, do they have any firm commitment to nurture and strengthen the Singaporean call for the future? Totally. And finally, in consultation with relevant agencies, we assess how relevant this double-by company. We Singaporean call, we commitment to nurture Singaporean call, how relevant are these WIC companies? W This is a part of the health share is concerned regarding these triple week companies which are our targets for coastal scrutiny. At TAFEZ recommendation, they replace on our watch list, not because we are empty for the net, but because their behavior has add to the deepening of local foreign divide in our Singapore workforce. If left and check the sentiment of Twitter versus month will continue to grow, it will weaken the unity, the creation, and I think eventually the overall compacting The spending. Renewable and existing EP's processing on new EP's application will be affected. Cretinman of World Bank's B-Vilage will series consequences on their continued operations and growth in Singapore. So we hope they will take corrective actions. Move out of the triple weeklies. Don't just go their business here by treating Singaporeans fairly too and help you a stronger Singaporean core in our companies and industries.