 For my partner and I have to make a living room, what we consider cozy and our bedroom, what we consider cozy is very nice. Before going to bed, I used to look at her. No, I look at her. I can't do that. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. And we are back for another episode of Key Talks. Yay! And we are here to talk about housing because we are all self-esteem house owners. Okay, very young and say your type housing, you know, maybe your marital status, I can ask that. So my name is Péfang and then I am then the eight DCOS. I'm attached, not married yet. I am getting a flat in June East in five years. I'm in the need. I'm Ben and they do this year. I'm married young, I'm getting a lot of love in juanese in five years, I'm in thandida ni. I'm Ben, I'm Tae Tudez here, I'm married and I have a resale flat in pongu. Yeah, I just moved in like two months ago. Bella, 35, I stay in a private condo with a studio apartment, so it's pretty small. So many bongu. I like to do dogs. Hi, my name is Yu Heng, I'm 30 this year, it's the West East Really spend less compared to us. Okay, so you're a P-less or less ideal location. So what you're for gold in your choice. Not choosing tumbar row over truck. I was like at the top, I think before seeing the price. I was like tumbar row, because like tumbar row guy writes the eat. Every time. It doesn't move, you also move move. Nobody does just like a greater proportion of like good food in that area. And then the aesthetic also looks very nice and all like red hue but it's a calming but my situation is not ideal. It just says that I don't earn that much for me to afford that location. So I need to prioritize on whatever I can afford. So I decided to go for a drone, since the current drone is like there's a lot of shopping malls and a lot of amenities there. For you, like, it was a location, an issue, an issue. So actually, my location is quite ideal, because I think when my panel, I were where we kind of wanted either but don't or them beneath. We like the companies lab but we forgot a lot of things because for us we weren't expecting to get a flood during the exercise but we did and when it was our turn to choose our flood we didn't have high floor options left. So I mean as much as we wanted to also still like the default and kind of right we don't have a choice class so that's one thing that we have before go. Yellow those are things that unfortunately I can't choose but my price is quite healthy for me to think about. So I don't feel anxious thinking about oh my goodness I need to pay so much. Yeah I think for me location is one of the primary consideration. Your location costs how much? Okay, not bongo per se, but like, within the estate I wanted something that was more accessible and had like facilities or a man's tea nearby. What's important for you? I think commute to work for one. I think there was a minting that my partner and I were looking at. Yeah, it's a fun space, I like it. It's coming to work, it's fun. But that's why you save on cost. And then you also stay near your parents. Correct, yeah. So I stayed with it just nice within the 4KM radius, so I managed to get the proximity housing grant as well. So I think I was just like within 100 meters. I try to stay on a stone radius, the stone won't get He's so sincere. Your pay less or less at your location. I don't know like how much your house costs like roughly. My voice about $300 in Beni King for a following flat. That's a good number. Around $300 to your cost $370. I'm quite obvious when I hear all the retail prices. So mine's research, so I pay about close to half a million, therefore. No, but then you get your flat faster, so. Yeah, you move in the reading. I move still with the... We are still in the reading. We just see the motto I don't know when you think about the east alright I can move here to your bt over I think people will go back. Okay, you can try. Let me know flat or private property to move in earlier or be via BTO and move in later? Sorry. I'm speaking for BTO and not registered. Okay. Who is a? I'm half half a. I cannot link right here. Why half a? I mean, tell you, I bought a resale because I wanted the convenience of being able to move in around now, right? But at the same time, I see the benefits of having a video where you get something at the last subsidized rate that you do have to wait, but it saves you a lot of money in the long run as well. My spouse and I have been renting for a couple of years already, so we are very used to having our own space. I love living with my friends and I appreciate them for all of that. But I also really like having my own space. So I don't think it's something that I can go back to. So I think we would still go for a retail. Actually, I think that's quite a great point. Because a lot of couples want that freedom also for us, for me and my partner. Sometimes we would just randomly chat about things. And we would think about how nice it is if we had our own space. Like, now right. Yeah, yeah. Okay, so the situation around me getting my video was that it was a decision that we didn't expect to make. Because it wasn't a very ideal unit line for her and she really like the dream home she envisioned wasn't like facing a car park on the fourth floor. Okay so after discussing for four months right I think one thing she just woke up and she's like you know what let's just try and make this home the best home we can then if even if we don't like it down the road if like she cannot stand like you know the kappa noises or whatever we will just find a a new place to live on. It's not like we have to commit to something at this point in our lives. It's the idea that you make your dream home not that the dream home is given to you. So, pay fan, just know when you're talking about it, I was thinking at the bottom of my head, like, well, should I run a dog? Because a lot of people have asked me, and they are like, five years, you will be like 30 plus in that time rate, you didn't have to start familiar, blah, blah, blah, can't think you're too old for that. I'm like, thanks for having me, mind the... I know it. I don't know, like maybe an alternative is to simulate to, you know, in this case, my boyfriend would just come over and like, defeat me. I mean, I haven't brought up that topic, you know, cause it's not something that we are considering at the moment. Yeah. I also have a purple here. Yellow? Right. Okay. Where's your purple? Where's your purple like in a lamp not really a lamp some but yeah, you don't have the 700k but yeah, all right so for us like at least we get like the the eHg grand and hands housing grant. So basically, he's a grant given by HDB for you to offset some of the costs of financing the hostler. I mean your house cost like summer hierarchy, right? So how do you afford it? I can afford it. Did you end here? Sometimes I wonder too. I think it's a commitment that you decided on. So there will be certain life changes. Previously I always thought of every few years I would live a year overseas. But now with a house, then you have to ask yourself, can you afford it? Or I must always have a job. But definitely having such a big financial commitment is huge. Then just got to make adjustments to my lifestyle. I can't go do some plus subscription. Just really just thinking of every single month. I like now I have a table of all my expenditure and all the loans I have to pay. I feel like a lot of people don't... I mean the people I know at least I didn't think about that until they committed to a housing option. For example, they will be like, oh yeah, I can't afford it. But then when they go for the housing option that they won, they realize, oh no, I have to change a lot to my life. If you haven't gotten a house, it's a good idea to start thinking about all these things first. I wish I thought about that more. Because I plan on. No, no, she she, so my plan is a plan. I wasn't... Yeah, because if she didn't kickstart the whole process of like, let's plan our finances, right? I would have been a lot more anxious about my house. So the idea that, you know, we have to sit down and think about, okay, if we want to afford this, but should our life look like, our life's still be like. Okay, are we for the last one? Yes. Is that okay long, okay, if I'm sure slowly I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry? I thought Dreamhouse is the viral piece. That's Dream A. One. Then this is Dream A2. So still Dreamhouse. Still can consider dream house. Yeah. Happy for you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, the, okay, Tom Baru is dream A1 because of the location. Yeah. Location is ideal. Yeah. But dream is A2 because the location is not as ideal as Tom Baru, but the height great. Yes, height is awesome. Still consider dream. That's my definition. So why then? Why were you like this is that? I know the concept is a big thing obviously like for example her dream home is a condorite but given our current finances it's a bit hard for us to look at a condor and be like I want to buy it. My dream home is S-Nong S. It's nice and it has a very nice kitchen and a happy with it. Unfortunately there also means a lot of condors because the kitchen is very small right? Yeah so we do have to like we are all pros and cons. Yeah but happy wife, happy wife. She won't condor with it. Yeah she is for you, your home is where my baby is. That's who. Correct. My big home is where my wife is. Where my little wife is. I'm trying to avoid her. I'm trying to avoid her. I can't take it. And I think the bonus of having a video that a lot of people don't necessarily think about is the fact that like waiting is a bad thing. Reading means that you have time to build up your finances. You have time to progress in your career to a more stable place so that when you actually get the house you don't feel anxious about a lot of things. Okay, or Ben, you just recently moved in. So, was it very exciting? Like seeing everything done out like how you plan it to be. It's very nice. Like before going to bed, I invite people over and I don't know, create memories in that house. So I think a lot of people definitely want to get some advice if they can, you know, on the whole process of being a first-time household. So it was the most important advice that we actually give to people who are looking to get their first place. I think being's good now. Yeah, I do home. Yeah, I do home is just a place for us to host our spotters. I just want everyone have different opinions about why don't I do home is right? Like for example, we have three is this and my rest is. Then everything I conduct this like my house is like how I do rest are very good with location and then after the day like I'll be like, no, I like my current home. It is like a pretty good location for me. And there are a lot of good things that come along with it. I'll be just like, I'm happy alone. You can see whatever you want. I'll leave that to five years later. You'll make your old decision from that. I'm trying to convince, I'm very curious about the West. The top of your all go there, very high expectations. Yeah, I won't do something. The West on this are for you now. I hope it has been great listening to the experience of different types of home owners. If you have any questions, you can leave it in the comments section and I hope you enjoyed this episode. Thank you. Bye.