 People asked me a lot, why don't I just go and become like this super high-paid lawyer and then donate a lot of money to refugees. It's not like my dream was always to be a hot guy, to sell coffee, you know, a hot guy center. I didn't even drink coffee. The only reason I did this was to create lively hodes for refugees in Thailand. Usually I have to get to the Deppo shop bar, 7.7.30 lit. I've got to pick up all the ingredients that I'm wearing. It's for the day, like the appropriate, the coffee beans. And I'm going to cut in a drive. It'll do a lot more. If I see like this on the way, I'll be like, oh, today's loaded. Your wonder, cents is going to the refugee who did the artwork on this cup. It's actually just black and white when it's winter in Thailand. Then it's sand directly to these refugees who are working with the color in. Every single one of our cup will be unique because it's actually colored by someone different. We try to commission enough because every month, so 300 because every month, it works out to 3,000. And that is the average price of rain in after Bangkok. Actually, before I my roster I did a bunch of coffee. I was a lawyer and all my lawyer friends who put all night there was a bunch of coffee right. I'm hoping that my roster creates like a machine that converts the existing consumerism and Singapore into meaningful livelihoods for refugees. I don't want it to always just be eight in the donations that are sustaining them. No one wants to cure for three hours. The only one wants to go there and have to prove how important they are to get the better of rice. What kind of you just get a better rice than self? There's dignity in earning your own living and being a lot of their family yourself. Thank you so much. People ask me why refugees specifically are right. I think there was a time in my life where I really needed help and I needed someone to speak out for me and to like fight for me because I was too weak to do it for myself. And then period of time I also heard a lot about refugees. It resonated a lot of me like why they're going through because new animal believed the story and what helped them. And that's why I want to help. I realized that for a lot of them, they don't have the legal right to work. The more pressing need was proven by food for their children and I felt that it would be more useful for me to focus my attention on life records. And that's how I learned it. I was nervous. Everything okay? I'm already more fat than I am. For your making process is very long actually. We take around 6 to 8 hours. I mean sometimes I think about it and I'm really just by from like, wholesaler, you know, like daily friends and you just, the like, second seller. But I think it will affect us very little for all this stuff. So, I can't really a worry, but I think my dad knows so much. So he would just be like, oh, this season's. Where is for me? I would stress. He would be like, whenever it's done, just be like, oh my gosh, no. I know my life was done. Every lunch I would go to the gym, which cost me like, I think maybe 200 months, right? After my gym, I would go and buy this $7 child update. And I even have a lot of these 7 bucks. It's crazy, but I was still doing every single day. Yeah, sometimes people ask me if I miss my old job, right? I do miss being an employee. If anyone is an employee, stay an employee, don't become an employer because I've never experienced living so close to the margin before I mentally under a lot more uncertainty and the feeling of not knowing if you can cover this mental stress is what the refugees that I work with go through every day of their life. I think one of the reasons that I continue even though it was a pretty hard time was okay with supporting 11 refugees. If I have to feel like this every day, this like mental stress, I can't imagine 11 people have have to feel like that without programs. The only reason I'm still here is because I feel like there's a bigger purpose to really show. The more cops we sell, the more refugees we can onboard the program. Every cop method, every cop is literally like someone is behind the art world on your cop and it's their life that you are helping out.