 When I was at my picnic, I spent most of what I had in... I got nice foodie. I owned a couple of like three watches. Really a low spawn of my life. I was home with us and I never tell anyone because I was very embarrassed. I was staying in school for a couple of days and I go to Changi. But I was thinking of question to myself, what can I do to get myself out of this? I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm in first, I was in my surrounding. Then I got to watch this like omega, so like, okay, one point I was sitting a good life, so cool. But like me, I thought a bit of roses. After eight years, we'll be passed on things get better. Then, we'll be started, right? Everything disrupted, especially the construction area. I was the freelancer about a year class, and I'm projecting anything less and less so I don't have enough income. I sold everything, I don't have enough more camera. I have enough money to buy a 10. Then with me, I just small to the back. Remember one time I caught my mum. So my mum asked me, hey, how are you? How are you? I'm good. My friend plays thinking maybe. My son is doing quite good. No, he has somewhere because I seldom see my mum. I feel like I'm let down. That point I was really by hungry. And people mix to me, they are very good. That is the status part of my life. One day, I feel like I'm let down. The point I was really by hungry and people mixed to me are there are barbecue in that is the status part of my life. One day I feel opinion my ear and when I close my eyes so I can see weight, blue, purple you know. So I didn't know actually that something is happening inside my head. I was wounded so I was diagnosed when I first stroke. Due my condition, it was very hard for me to apply for a job. When I was hospitalized, I met this social worker connected me to nowhere. My first impression, I thought he was a young man. Because when he spoke to me, he sounds like a drug addict. He tells me that it's not to worry because he's there to get me and I was able to empathize with him. And I guess that also helped him to move on because he had a listening ear. And from then he can look towards getting employment. Most of my life, I'm alone. I'm on my own. You know, it's like a heaven sander when no girl caught me. Because at that time I was like desperate now. One thing that noticed is he has grown in terms of this confidence, right? And why is he's along the way he bounce back faster on adversity. We do have an away. Yeah, he did a job. Yeah, slow ideas, a tree much needed for me to support myself. The way I do scrap my life is like a rollercoaster because there will be a lot of art and a lot of downs. But you have to be kind to yourself and acknowledge your weakness and have faith. So I accept my situation now. I cannot get back whatever I lost in the past. So what I can do is just look ahead and make my life better. Now I'm looking forward to my community goal. I always want to get my own home. So I'm very happy and I'm looking forward to be living in the house. My name is Rafi and I'm 51 years old and I'm doing my best in life.