 When they were done they opened the door and like hey Hi, I'm Sam. Hi, I'm happy. Hello, I'm Tom. Hi, yeah, and this is what I'm thinking What is that? Who's a chicken? Oh Hi guys welcome to this episode of chtet and in today's episode we're going to be talking about staying in hall in university. So which you knew from and which hall were you guys from? I'm sorry, NTU and hotel. I was from NTU, from the best hall in the whole 60. Wow wow wow. Hotel, hotel! I was in the US, I am in the US and I lived in K.R. and in house. So for me I stayed in residential college. So it's somewhat like a whole but it's a new town. I have the own program. I stay in college too. Yeah. That's where all the nerds are at. It's like a legend. So moving on, that's. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a Your dynamic with them completely changes. It's test friendship. There are stories of people who like stop being friends in their room. For my first two years I stay at rooming. And then in my remaining time in whole I stay in a single room. So you like to go a double bed, though. I enjoy staying at a room because I always say a room. And it didn't get very lonely on the other hand a single screen also because like things can go my way easier like in terms of the cleaner in terms of access to my room So you know, you know, yeah, I feel like some hidden little things behind all these I lived in Cambridge for one one year, year one, Sanctor and year two, Sanctor and then when at the NOC there was year two Sanctor and that was when I stayed in PQP. I lived in a single room because they only have single room and then in the evening when the sun shines through my windows the dreamiest room I ever had. I think for me I had the best of both walls which is a single room but also I mean the company of Albibo because I say it's sleep. That has like a shared common area. But you cannot choose your teammates. so you just hang sleep whether you get good roommates or not for my first year The roommates I stayed with all seniors so we were just like high-by But I was very very lucky when I was here to walk all people I could click with so they're still my closest friends up on the end and then I thought they were like, change the school I still keep in contact with you and yeah, to see roommate gossip stories to share I know of this kapo. So if you're on the top floor of this arts, you can look down into the lower floor around the artsy People don't realize that and then they grab blinds open so my family is like guys I looked up my window I just saw this couple having sex I was like what? And then he's like everybody's talking about me in the chair and it's damn bad It's like how do you tell them was all right? I just be aware and close your batteries. This is a very important rule. I didn't see anything with my own eyes, but against the door from the net wait for them So the way it works in halls, and this way in US, is that if you want to stay on you need to accumulate points and to accumulate points you need to participate in Events functions run by either your block or your hot so I'm not particularly proud about it because I feel like Hall is a great way to pick up new things and new skills Which I didn't get to experience for myself because I was very busy talking beyond school So I couldn't really accumulate points but because I spent a lot of time at blockmates they helped me to stay on for the next semester So I think I see we have the same things but we call them like in this groups and we think the most so one of the groups that I think my friend started as T3DAR which is the LGBTQ class group there's a lot of LGBTQ class people in the hall itself in the most so that's something that makes the most a little bit different The There are holes that can't be together. So that was really funny. Also, I think Hall is a very good place actually to try something you've never tried before. In terms of commitments and goals, I joined as a drum leader for orientation game. I was also in the Hall committee. Something I like about NTU is we have this thing called IHU. So it's all the more games. And there are a lot of different kind of sports and like, recreational activity. What is your if you want this y'all bigger culture shop when you enter home for a whole internet shit, then cheer right? And then this is where I even like some people are super gross. I have my go with our guys and they are studies of people who use the oven and like to try that semester. Then they are just always like you want to go out to drink, you want to drink in my room. Even though it is strictly bad and people get so much trouble and they started to climb down very strongly towards the end of my hostela. Also the sex culture. So I heard of how they are watch at Chet in home. They are just for hookups. It's a little bit of a sex scene. Anyway. I had not seen a jet, you know, you don't learn to use that and I'm told us about these things. Even the peer pressure, if people are on you are doing things that you don't believe in, only you have just beyond a question. I don't know about it, but I know that in the US like it's something that I want a whole whole whole body like any state of something. Just be aware of like your actions all. Yeah. What is your biggest takeaway from staying at home? I think although there's a lot of stories about how and what I think is going on I me was to be my friends. These are people who have been there for you. Because they are so accessible and they see a time to be out so really like I was in my mind that like really you're in the pandemic. This is one of the biggest takeaways that you're gonna get. Because for the first time in my life I had a place to call my own and everything that was within this little space right? Belong to me and it felt so good. It inspired me to want to walk towards that again to someday be able to look at a place in senior art on this place. The biggest theory for me is that staying in RC or even Hall right, made my whole unique experience a lot easier. Yeah because I had something to go back to all of them after like a very long day of classes and like friends who can kind of empathize who I'm going through And also the thing I think is a lot about taking initiative and learning how to like start up a own project and their own projects in the hall Yeah, because a lot of times you don't have the opportunity to do that outside So that question would be a nearby to the fellow people who are entering all in others. So I think it's not very overwhelming for you and just find your support system. Know who you can rely on and who you can top through all your struggles with and you'll help you a lot through your new journey. I think my biggest advice is for a lifestyle because there's something a lot of people don't realize because you know they're more trying to go everyone like you and a study, sleep and social life. Then people always choose to study a social life and then they don't like enough time for themselves. I think that it's something very important. Don't lose yourself at home. Prior to getting your own mental health is. You too, have a great life. Right? Yeah. Today we talked about how culture and we learned that as long as you stay true to yourself you're gonna enjoy everything and your new experiences. So if you guys like this video remember to leave a comment down below and also let us know what else to talk about next time and don't forget to like, share and subscribe! Bye!