 The first amendment is to implement the recommendation by the CPA advisory panel. To allow members who turn 55 in 2013 or later to make a lump sum withdrawal of up to 20% from the retirement account when they reach the payout eligibility age or PA in short. With this change, members will have three options on their lumpsum with drawers. First, we draw the lumpsum starting from their PA birthday. Second, before we draw the lumpsum, beyond their payout study for CPF life, or the return of some scheme by transferring this LAMSAM to the ordinary account. The convert the LAMSAM into money payout through CPAF Live or the Retaminar Sum scheme. The second amendment simplifies the activation of CPAF payout from members on the Retaminar Sum scheme. Today, members who join the CPF life scheme will receive payout automatically when they reach H70. However, members on the retirement sum scheme have to apply to start their payout. Some of them may not have done so despite receiving reminders from CPF board around two months before their PEA. We are therefore mending the CPA to allow for automatic starting a payout at age 70 for members of the retirement sumski. This approach is similar to that for CPA of life and we start in 2018. About one in three members are expected to benefit from the automatic starting of payouts under the retumpsome scheme. The third set of amendments updates the CPAF-A to support the implementation of the basic health care system of BHS for shock, which too affect on 1st of January 2016. The BHS was introduced by the Ministry of Health for CPA members to meet their basic subsidized health care needs in OH. The BHS is fixed for each cohort with a 365-year-old. It's a maximum amount a member can set the site in his Medisaver account. Any additional Medisaver contributions above the BHS are transferred to the members, special or retirement accounts to increase his retirement income. In addition, members aged 55 and above now no longer need to top out their meditative account before withdrawing from their ordinary and special accounts. To fully effect the changes where many the CPAF add to remove obsolete provisions relating to the meditative minimum sum and fix a BHS for each cohort when they've done 65 years old. The fourth and last sets of amendments provide greater clarity and efficiency in the administrations of some parts of the CPA system. And this include replacing minimum sum with retirement sum, verifying administrative financial penalties framework, recovery of government grants and other payments making error and catering for members whose birthday fall on 29 February. I would provide just one example on simplifying the meditative top-up process for family members. Today, members age 55 and above, who have already set aside the call for retirement sum, have to withdraw the assessed monies from their ordinary and special accounts in cash. Before they can use it to top-up the meditative account of certain family members, H55 and above. So this amendment will enable members to make such top out directly from their ordinary and special accounts to the Medisate accounts of these family members. you