 One of the hard things that I had to do was I had no idea how to change the diaper. I had to learn that all by myself. At the point I was just focused on how do I keep this baby alive. Hello. Hello. Hi. I'm China. It's really Vanessa. What's your name? China. I'm Alistair. I speak to you. Like how old are you this year? I'm 22. Oh, I'm 22. How old are you? I'm 22. How old are you? I'm 22. How old are you? I'm 22. How old are you? How old were you when you found out that you were pregnant? I was 17 years old when I found out I was pregnant. I was still in school, so... 17. So you were in Bali. Do you remember the moment when you found out? Yes, I remember I was in my roommates bathroom. I was already living alone by the time I found out I was pregnant. And then I took the test and I called her in and I was just telling her like, oh no we just look at it at the same time and we were just freaking out. How do you tell your parents that you were expecting? So I did that first in my stepfather and he brought down crying. He actually blamed himself. He said that if he stayed for the family or like if he had been a better father and I just I Don't know how to feel cuz I've never seen him vulnerable. This is like an Asian dead crying and it was just like a a red side and even though we're not black really that he's always out there looking for me all the time So when I'm going to use to my mom, that was ugly. That was my biological parents literally talk about stoning someone, you know, like the old religious texts about stoning someone to death and you're like, thing, but you're leaving in sin and you're forcing me to marry this guy. at the part of time I knew this guy was abusive and I knew for a fact that this marriage will never work out but I went along anyway because you got really ugly to a point where they threatened my stepfathers like work his job and I didn't want him to suffer. So I got married 17. Even though I was married, I was basically a single mom because I was doing things on my own financially. I was the main caregiver for my daughter as well. So everything was just on me. How did you manage to find the courage to leave your toxic marriage? I've always had that warrant. It was just more like the right time and I wasn't anyone back then. So a lot of the laws were not on my side especially. It's like I couldn't rent a place. I would have to live in a shelter if I didn't get married and all that. So the minute I turned 21, I just did it I wanted her and I, I mean I've also had friends who choose the other option and I don't judge them for it, you know, it's like, whatever works best for your life but for me it's like and the part of time was going to so much things and I thought like life wasn't worth yet. So when I saw that line I was just, I had something else to live for. How was the nine months from the day you found the other way? The whole nine months was not easy. I still continued school. So I went to school pregnant. I remember they had to like actually put me in a separate room because I was ready new for birth. And I still had to take the exams. Oh my god. So yeah, I went to school with my big ass belly and then like I was 26 from so freelance. And then I also did like a telecom. And I was taking up a lot of art jobs basically just to kind of like meet and meet the home motivating like factor for it was like I want my daughter to be proppy like oh my god that's my mom my mom did that yeah and if I can do that she can do better you know that kind of thing I want my daughter to be able to feel like that. What was the hardest part about being a mom at 17 when you were so young? At a point I was just focused on how do I keep this baby alive. I checked on her every single hour and I was just... I feel like I saw her feeling all the time. It's sleepless nights regardless. Whether I was feeding her or not, because even when I'm not feeding her,'m like checking on her that I used to be reading and maybe that's like mom anxiety or something and I knew mom's anxiety I wasn't any focus on my tiredness I was just trying to be a mom for me like I was raised by a single parent as well and growing up seeing my mother raise all of us by herself. It was already a lot for someone who was in her knit forties. I cannot imagine what it's like for someone in their late teens. I don't know how I dealt with it because at 17 all I did was I kept myself easy and that's such a bad if you kind of look at it because I didn't give myself space to feel I did eventually feel burned out after that and it was kind of ugly and I do remember Asma's mom's the same thing and she was also like I don't know how I did this Yeah, and I think as moms is like when you have a baby You just have this sense of courage. I mean not all moms are perfect. I understand that moms it's like when you have a baby you just have the sense of courage I mean not all moms are perfect I understand that but it's like they do everything for their baby I have a rush of feelings right now I don't know I have this one because I kind of saw all of this in real time happen when I was about nine years old I actually saw my mom have a stroke and it was from all the stress of managing my family together. How were you able to, I think eventually make room for love for yourself? So when you save me room for love, it's always about loving yourself. And then when your daughter sees that in you, she'll do it for herself. There was one time I had this conversation with my best friend. I was worried that, you know, when she goes out and she ends up like me and she said, how is that a bad thing? I don't really know how to answer this because if I were to say, oh, I don't have to end up like me, it's like shaving myself as well. For me, it's like I always tell myself that my love is bigger than my fears and that's where you find courage and that's how your daughter's gonna have also. So I mean, I understand you're also a single mom and you're doing everything on your own. Do you wish you had more help? Like someone do like, let you have a break. I do have like a thing but then like when you take a break and you would think about your child. So I had to go back with my child. So mom guilt. Yeah, I kind of mom guilt, you know. I get what you mean. Yeah, but I mean, personally it really like I've been through the whole mom guilt thing. You should like don't care about mom guilt. I mean, I know it's really high. Yeah, you have to put yourself first. Cause it's like you'll go crazy and you don't want to lose yourself when you're taking cool. Maybe one day? Maybe so FMB like home business. Then like another thing will be like maybe social work. Social work. Okay. Do you not have enough crazy in your life? I don't feel like also the stereotype of single teen mom just I feel like people tend to categorize these sort of people as very very promiscuous very careless Have you ever had these sort of encounters before? Oh all the time I'm telling you like when I was single I had guys telling me like oh you're just good to You're just you're just good a night. Still, I sing, or you're at the bottom of the chain, you know, Alicia, single teen, Malay mom. And you're like, saying, no one's gonna have a marry you. But, you know, it's like, everyone has a different starting line. And single moms might be at at the back because everyone else is like at the front and it's not a race. It's just a journey. So I really don't care about what you want to say about whether I'm promiscuous or not. It's like as long as I continue to improve myself, I continue to help the people around me and the people who also has gone through the same thing as me, I did my part. What's your daughter's name? My daughter's name is Amelia. She's four years old. So, like, washing what got you through like the toughest days like even up husband now. He has to be the best of the best. Because I'm traumatized so my expectation is always there. He exceeded all of it. He's like Shrek. He was Shrek. Yeah, I look like Shrek. Okay. Like okay, he's grumpy as hell, but he's really like. I came to the back person. I don't know. He looks like. He looks like Shrek. Wait, why he looks like Shrek? No, no, no. Looks like he's a bed. Oh, like personality melody is track, okay? And yeah he's been very supportive. I was emotional and he was always trying to be present and therefore me all the time. Yeah. And he's not afraid to change diapers. I mean, I know again, they're minimum. But he's really out putting his mouth out there. So he's putting in a lot of effort. So I have another son now. He's four months old. He's his Michael. And Amelia has been a very protective sister. Like literally with my ear if you take her brother away. So cute. I don't know about cute part, but yeah. She will literally you up to up down. Yeah. Are you worthy of my brother? Yeah she's very protective like that. Was there any difficulty in introducing her to like your new partner at the beginning? Usually she don't like people but when I first introduced my then boyfriend to her now has been, she immediately warmed up. When she was around him, she was just, I know, she feels very safe to just be herself. I mean, it was her own initiative to call her Papa. After we sat sat at 18 few months, currently my dad is trying to talk to me. He's not been in my life for about 15 years. So, you know, he'll occasionally send me messages asking me how I am, but I normally ignore them. Would you want your daughter to maintain a relationship with her birth father? For now, when she's too young to make a decision for herself, I would step in and tell her not now. Definitely, I do not want her to maintain a relationship with her until she's old enough and I'm confident that she can make good decisions on her own. If the father still wants to kind of have that relationship with her, he's got to learn how to love that goal. Because you left a little bit nervous. Like Jee. Oh, gosh, she's precious as a journey. So cute. Yeah. What's the best for being a mom? Best for being a mom. Being way far. Seeing her groove just yesterday. Like that, did you just call me out for various DJ meetings? And she was like, telling me, you know, it was a girl. She's very loving and caring. Her friend, for now, she just hugged. So it's like, I felt very, very happy with you. You feel the most happiest when you will keep? Yes, most of the time. It's like, I can't. It's happy and stress and it's happy. I mean, the best thing that I really love to do with her is just listening to her thought. And I just love to see how her tiny brain just works, you know, it's just like the different phases of their growth. It's just like every part of it is great. It's like they grow up so far. It's like one man later you have a whole new different kid and you just have to fall in love that kid all over again. So I'm just enjoying every version of them that they are becoming one-o. Are you happy now? Definitely. I mean, I've been through hell and bad. And I've always been happy. It was just like how you look at it, I guess. I find happiness within myself. And I hope my kids will do that for themselves as well. Hey, Luke, I'm so cute. Oh my god, so cute. This is the kiddas edge over here. Hey guys, thanks so much for watching this episode she just made and you'd like to see more comment down below. Bye! I have been that traumatized that I look at Shrega so I mean she loves few nights. Yeah, like so much. So basically that kind of love. Yeah, I'm sorry.