 When I was at my peak, I spent most of what I earned. I got nice coding. I owned couple of luxury watches. Really a lowest point of my life. I was homeless and I never thought anyone would be because I was very embarrassed. I would stay in his school for a couple of days and I would go to Changi. But I was thinking, why is it same to myself? what can I do to the public area and I just shoot randomly. I don't aesthetic from there. I don't go to film school, but I got lucky. I know where I am because I meet the right people. So I met this Japanese boss, Modi. He set me to Japanese construction in Singapore. At that point, I get quite good income because it's hard to penetrate new Japanese construction. I never see this kind of money before. I'm not taught how to sell money. My friends are taken from money. They have nice cars and so on. I was influenced by my surrounding. Then I got to watch Omega's or like... At one point, I was feeling a good life. But like me, bit of roses after eight years, when they pass on things get bad then the profit started right everything is disrupted especially the construction area. I was the freelancer about a year plus project getting lesser and lesser so I don't have enough income. I sold everything I don't have any more camera. I have just enough money to buy a tent. Then with me, I just smold the bag. Remember one time I caught my mum. So my mum asked me, hey, where are you? How are you? I said I'm good. I'm at my friend's place. Thinking maybe my son is doing quite good. You are somewhere because I suddenly see my mum. I feel like I'm let down. That point I was ready by Heng Wien. And people next to me, they are bubble-cueing. That is the saddest part of my life. One day, I feel like I'm let down. At that point I was ready by Heng Wien. And people next to me are their bubble-cuing. That is the status part of my life. One day I feel a pain in my ear. When I close my eyes, I can see weight, blue, purple. So I didn't know actually something is happening inside my head. I was watered. So I was diagnosed with stroke. Due to my condition, it was very hard for me to apply for a job. When I was hospitalized, I met this social worker who connected me to nowhere. My first impression was that he was a young man. Because when he spoke to me, he sounded very dramatic. He told me that I I do not worry because he's dead to guide me and help me I was able to empathise with him. And I guess that also helped him to move on because he had a listening ear and from then he can work towards getting employment. Most of my life, I'm alone, I'm on my own. You know, it's like a heaven-send when nowhere caught me. Because at that time I was quite desperate. One thing that I noticed is his growth in terms of his confidence his confidence. And what I see is along the way he bounce back faster from adversity. With the help of nowhere, I landed a job. So this is actually much needed for me to support myself. The way I do scrap my life is like a roller coaster because because there are a lot of ups and downs. But you have to be kind to yourself and acknowledge your weaknesses and have faith. So I accept my situation now. I cannot get back whatever I lost in the past. So what I can do is just look ahead and make my life better Now I'm looking forward to my coming BTO So I always wanted to have my own home So I'm very happy and I'm looking forward to believing in that house My name is Rafi and I'm 51 years old And I'm doing my best in life.