 Hi, my name is Jacqueline. I'm a mother of three girls. Two of my elders are set Cheryl and Eunice. This year they will be 21. There was once, I brought them for a parau try and instead of staying in a kanu to try out, they jumped into the pool and at 30 minutes to instead the journey to the Parak kanu try was very far. It was from the most west to the east and after a while I see that they are smiling, they are playing happily. It makes me feel it's still worth it. In the initial stages, I wasn't able to understand them. Everything that I have, even my laptop, I work and then I fell asleep when I wake up. All the keys are gone. My girl was practically peeled off every single of the key. I never said how many two thousand dollars do I have to buy a new laptop? Those were the time the times I was really, really drive me nuts. I cannot even live normally. Some of them are really up to the state that I really do not know what to do. And the thought of the society has always come to my mind. At work, I'm at an employee, at home, I've many missed opportunities and that actually sets me wanting to give all that to my children so that they can grow up the way that I dream I could grow up with. I would picture motherhood to be someone who actually bring her kids to enrichment classes, go to good primary school and on weekends we can go out for meals, shopping, during school holidays we can go on vacation together. I thought that would be Jacqueline's life but life is not like that for me. I was in Diniar until when they were about eight years old. My pedestrian told me this very strong statement. Jack, you have to face the reality. Your kids are mentally retarded. At the time when I heard that description, I was angry. How dare you say such a word to a mother. I don't think my child are mentally retarded, they are just slow. But there's this incident where I teach my twin how to take a seat from a cup. But just that action took me three weeks. Three solid weeks, every day, try for at least two hours. On the time you teach her how to drink a cup of coffee. Over the past 20 years, a lot of ups and downs in upbringing my girls. But myself, I felt that my mental health mental strength is growing stronger. I have grown so much that I don't always rely on external factors to tell me what I'm doing is right or wrong. So even though I know this thing, I do, I may regret it later on, but I feel that this is the best way. I will do it. And later I regret that I will say yes, I will try. I think that it's the bigger strength that I have, I have acquired in this journey.