 It came as kind of a blindside for me because I was like go from like my out my courage to call this guy to ask him out for prom I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I this person, you... Yeah, you said no to Wendy. Hello, hello. So I don't necessarily feel a lot from my work rejections. But for the 2022 one, it came as kind of a blindside for me because I was like, go from my job. And I'm just like, I have a Zoom call schedule and then I enter the Zoom call. Okay, cool. What's like this about? And then it's like, so you have 15 days left. And your 15 days notice starts now and you are just not right fit for the company and we felt that it's a better this way. And you don't have to work the next 15 days. Your work stops today. You just should wait the day. So I asked, so I say, so why, you know, is there something I can do or is there something I was that why I wasn't doing? All he said was, you're not a right fit for the company. Am I such a bad person that you have to cut me off now and It's not even like I work the next notice. It's like now and gone. I was super sad that when it happened, because at midnight of the Singapore time, I was logged out what did you do? That offend you, did I? Like, why is it so like... Cut, like so... Yeah, so cut. Okay, I was also cut through it in cold. Yeah, anyway, so I felt super sad that day because I think I was like wondering like, okay, so am I just not cut out to do this kind of work? I mean, keep background and context. It's a program managing. I was so kind to Haji as to do project managing. But this is the more creative aspect. But this is the more creative aspect. Then I wasn't so well versed in like content creating and videos and all that. So then it's like I have no experience there. Then like there yeah, it's kind of like your security is just gone. Then would you say they are right when they say you're not a good fit there? So after that, yes. I mean like thinking about it. Yeah, I don't feel like... If I would have pushed this day, then yes, it would just be me trying to put it up a friend to work in a place where I don't feel the most passionate in. So in that sense, that work rejection was something good because it let you to find a place that you may feel like you are rejected in this one area and like you feel like all is lost but it might actually be an opening to another place that you can go and like a different direction it can go to. Sometimes we might be forced to find that civil lining ourselves in order to make the process much more purposeful when enjoyable. Like for example I always wanted to be a nurse. Can I tell you? Yeah, I always wanted to be a nurse. I always wanted to be a nurse. So I applied for nursing so many times and I got rejected so many times. I even get so many people to help me write recommendations like the Rikkras Singapore Rikkras Director, my form teacher, everyone I know to write saying that I will make a good nurse. I wouldn't want to see the MP. Wow. I want to see the MP. That's how much you want it. And they just say no like, no reasoning. Oh, they didn't, they didn't even give any reason. It's just straight up on the computer system. In a way I say it's a, there's a silver lining because through the years after the rejection and everything, it allowed me to find passion in other areas that I never thought I had. Like community services. It's because I didn't get to the thing, right? That's why I got myself involved in so many volunteering work. So the desire to help people is still there? Yeah, the desire to help people is still there and I'm like, oh, actually I can help people through this way too. It's not too bad. I'm glad I didn't get accepted because if I did, I don't think I'll be sitting here. Right? I don't think I'll be sitting here renting about why I cannot go in the dressing room. Yeah, I guess because I, I didn't really face a huge, huge work rejections or career rejections because like I was on a scholarship so it really dictated the path that I was going to take. I was going to be in MOE for minimum four years because of the contract. So when I left that job and then travelled and then came back to do a mid career trade. I realised that at 30 right, I've never written a CV before. And I didn't even have a LinkedIn page because I had a teacher who don't need LinkedIn. And sometimes I feel like rejections help you to grow, help you to put yourself out there more, have that confidence because you face that rejection. And so it was very, very scary for me. And I was just like, yeah, I wrote quite a convincing cover letter, I mean, OJS did like... Would you know what would have happened if your scholarship was rejected? scholarship because my mom told me like I need to find my own university education so that was very talk to me like when I was in JC so like I cannot have I cannot afford to fail yeah but not to say I don't face rejection law on a daily basis like because of what we do as video journalists we need to find profiles we need to pitch out ideas to our bosses like it's a daily thing thing. Profiles are going to say no. And then there's no civil lining. It's just no. I'm not other option. Like find another story, find another profile. And you know, unlike that's your best profile that we checked at you. But you have no choice but to just deal with it. So I think yeah, in cases where there's no civil lining, then you just need to accept and move on or just have to excuse me. Yeah, I mean, like, girl rightly said, the stakes are different for everybody. But I think one thing that was said to me that really helps in dealing with rejection and moving on a bit is the worst thing that can happen is they say no. It's true. And then the best thing that can happen is to get something out of it. So I think when we're talking about this, it still feels quite like millennial concern. Yeah, we don't have to raise our kids or anything. Worse for people if they have family and then they face rejection, right? The sticks are a lot bigger. We definitely do have more options, given the kind of circumstances that it's really a soft privilege. I think in life you always have a lot of... You always go through a lot of notes and I don't deny you I still feel sad Yeah I don't continue to feel sad I don't need to experience another like he comes T-TOPs part 2. Yeah, but I think it's just a perspective switch for me like at least personally in my own life. In my mind I turn around and like it's like no not you know thank you to me but it's like no I want to thank you for saying that no. No! We would like to thank the National Arts Council for supporting this video and showing us how there's a silver lining behind every rejection. If you're also feeling bogged down by work, why not take a setback and slow down to appreciate life and yet? Enjoy your collaborative performance with the Laurent Boys and Duke Chong from Triple Five Beatbox and NEC Slaters that Arts can inspire your everyday campaign. You can also check out the NEC website for more of such performances. Okay, now back to the video. Pay attention, yeah? You'll feel like rejections at work is the worst or other things. If you ask me like maybe two years ago, I would have said yes. Because my life was like really about work at that time. Yeah. Yeah. But you ask me now, no. Okay. What's worse? What's worse? Apply for VTO girl rejected That's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's sad No, that's my now, it's a big thing for me. I told my current boyfriend that if this ever... I'll feel damn... I will not be single for the rest of my life. You hear that? Actually, I can't take my answer. Because why my fiance? I can't Oh yeah, I noticed she was a video You know You were the video yourself No, I was the one who was like, right? I think... You all like anything else that you learn from today's session? That sounds so formal Do you have any new insights or succumbings? I still learn that. Yeah, right now I'm reflection now. I'm just words. I feel like it's way of like affirmation, hearing the way that other people have like dealt with rejection, sort of gives new perspective and it feels nice to know like other people are going to the same thing with you. You know the only one being rejected. Sorry if you come like me, so we love couple. So if you like what you heard today, do like, share and subscribe to our content and if you face workplace rejections, I've got more juicy stories to tell us in the comments section or if you've advised for us, yet workplace I love you can also add a comment.