 Mr Speaker, let me thank the Minister for the clarifications as well as for clearing the air on this issue. In fact, many of us have received feedback from our residents that giving comments that every time the government increased subsidy, the childcare operator will increase their fees. It seems to be cross-ponding, but I think I thank the Minister for producing the data as well as the statistics. That's very important. It is still quite tough for me to income families. the I think there are additional subsidies for non-working mothers if they fulfill their criteria. Many operators private, not for profit as well adjustments to our subsidies. So, I hope that clears the misunderstanding. And in fact, the vast majority of households are learning 12,000 and below, ought to see reduction in childcare fees. They have, of course, some centres, private operators that charge, say, thousands of dollars in fees and make adjustments in the hundreds of dollars. That's quite a different situation altogether. For the vast, vast majority, they should see fall in childcare fees from January next year. And as I I said from January 2021, for partner operators, we will bring down the fee caps even further and thereafter, the end-corporators, and see a fall as well. So that is on your first question. The second point is on families with many children. And so apart from looking at total household income, we also look at for families with many dependents and more children in preschool, we will look at it from a per capita basis so that they can get even more support. On non-working mothers, the support provided to them takes into account the fact that because they're working, they will need a full day childcare. And by working mother, we're talking about working two days a week. And that can include the informal sector as well. So there is a degree of flexibility. And in fact, working mother status is conferred if a mother works for two days a week or 50, roughly 56 hours a month. We do a grant special approval if mothers have caregiving needs for children younger than 24 months or if they're looking after other dependents. For those who are looking for employment, we make concessions for them and allow them to benefit from the full subsidy. And for those who are non-working mothers, what they can do is they can go for the basic subsidy for full day childcare, or if not in their home with no other caregiving responsibilities, other than their young children, then there is the option to go for kindergarten with key fast subsidies. So then half day they get the pedagogical support, the other half day time with the parents, time with family, family bonding time.