 One of the hard things I had to do was I had no idea how to change a diaper I had to learn all by myself At the point of time I was just focused on how do I keep this baby alive Hello! Hello! Nice to meet you! Hi, I'm China! Nice to meet you! Nice to meet you. How old are you this year? I'm 22. Oh, so I'm my younger. How old were you when you found out that you were pregnant? I was 17 years old when I found out. I was pregnant. I was still in school. 17. So you were... Bonnie? Do you still remember the moment when you found out? Yes, I remember I was in my roommates' bathroom. I was already living alone by the time I found out I was pregnant. And then I took the test and I called her in and I was just telling her, like I don't know, we just look at it at the same time and we were just freaking out. How did you tell your parents that you were expecting? So I did that first, he made stepfather and he broke down crying. He actually blamed himself. He said that if he stayed for the family or like if he had been a better father and I just... I don't know how to feel because I've never seen him vulnerable. This is like an Asian dad crying and he was just like a... a rare sight and even though we're not blood related, he's always out there looking for me all the time. So when I broke the news to my mom, that was ugly. That was the... I mean, my biological parents literally talk about stoning someone, you know, like the old religious texts about stoning someone to death and you're like, thing, but all you're living in sin and you're forcing me to marry this guy. And at that part of time, I knew this guy was abusive and I knew for a fact that this marriage will never work out. But I went along anyway because you got really ugly to a point where they threatened my stepfathers like his work, his job and I didn't want him to suffer. So I got married at 17. Even though I was married, I was basically a single mom, because I was doing things on my own financially. I was the laws were on my side, especially. I couldn't run a place. I would have to live in a shelter if I didn't get married and all that. So the minute that I turned to anyone, I just did it. I felt for divorce. And then there's no looking back. Has the thought of abortion ever like crossed your mind. I was going to so much things and I thought life wasn't worth it yet. So when I saw that line I was just, I had something else to live for. How was the nine months from the day you found out all the way? The whole nine months was not easy. I still continued school, so I went to school pregnant. I remember they had to actually put me in a separate room because I was already in due for birth. And I still had to take exams. Oh my god. So yeah, I went to school with my big ass belly and then I was working six jobs. So, three months. And then I also did a telecom. And I was taking up a lot of odd jobs, basically, just to kind of like, make ends meet. The whole motivating factor for it was like, I want my daughter to be proud of me. Like, oh my god, that's my mom. My mom did that. Yeah. And if I can do that, she can do better. You know, that kind of thing. I want my daughter to be able to feel like that. What was the hardest part about being a mum at 17 when you were so young? I was really focused on my tiredness. I cannot imagine what it's like for someone in their late teens. I don't know how I dealt with it because at 17, all I did was I kept myself busy. And that's such a bad if you kind of look at it because I didn't give myself space to feel. I did eventually feel burned out after that and it was kind of ugly. I do remember asking my mom the same thing. And she was also like, I don't know how I did this. Yeah. And I think as moms, it's like when you have a baby, you just have this sense of courage. I mean, not all moms are perfect. I understand that, but it's like, they do everything for their baby. I have a rush of feelings right now. I just like, because I kind of saw all of this in real time happen. When I was about nine years old, I actually saw my mom have a stroke and it was from all the stress of managing like my family together. How were you able to, I think, eventually make room for love for yourself? So when you say make room for love, it's always about loving yourself. And then when your daughter sees that in you, she'll do it for herself. There was one time I had this conversation with my best friend. I was worried that when she grows up and she ends up like me and she said, how I said a bad thing. I don't really know how to answer this because if I were to say, oh, I don't know how to end up like me, it's like shaving myself as well. For me, it's like, I always tell myself that my love is bigger than my fears. And that's where you find courage and that's how your daughter is going to have? I mean, personally, it's like I've been through the whole mom-girl thing. You should. Like, don't care about mom-girl. Because I should. I mean, I know it's really hard. You need to put yourself first. Because it's like, you'll go crazy. And you don't want to lose yourself when you're taking care of your kids, right? What do you do to make you happy? I was actually working under FMP. Oh, okay. So I love in that sector, you know, get to meet people so you get to cook. Maybe one day? Make it as a FMP, like home business. Then another thing will be like, maybe social work. Social work. Okay. Do you not have enough crazy in your life? I have asked, like, those are the last things ever. So, I became a mom. It's like, no. I do feel like also the stereotype of single teen mom, just... I feel like people tend to categorize these sort of people as very very promiscuous very careless Have you ever had these sort of encounters before? Oh all the time I'm telling you like when I was single I had guys telling me like oh you're just good too You're just yeah, you're just good for for a for a night. They were like saying, oh, you're at the bottom of the chain, you're literally a single teen Malay mom. And you're like, say, no one's gonna ever marry you. But it's like everyone has a different starting line. And single moms might be at the back because everyone else is like at the front. And it's not a race. It's just a journey. So I really don't care about what they want to say about whether I'm from his cures or not. It's like as long as I continue to improve myself, I continue continue to help the people around me and the people who also has gone through the same thing as me I did my part What's your daughter's name? My daughter's name is familiar She's four years old So like was she what got you through like the toughest days like even up to now Can I be honest? I mean I love my baby, but sometimes they are the reason for your toughest days. But yeah, the thing that got me through is I would... This is me sound, so self-absorbed, but it's me. It's like my brother's to hell, take a break, and then you're back. So it's like, she is my main motivation and drive. But day to day, when it gets hard, it's like, you need time to kind of relax and take your mind off. Like, have a long time. I mean, after everything that you went through with, like, Amelia, do you still want more kids? I eventually did find love. I met my husband now. He has to be the best of the best. Because I'm traumatized when my expectation is always there. He exceeded all of it. And he's like Shrek. You were Shrek. Yeah! I look like Shrek. Okay, I know. Okay. Okay, he's grumpy as hell, but he's really like... He came to the right person. I don't know. He looks like Shrek. No, no, no. Look so I see he's a bad person. But like,, personality is shrek, okay? And yeah, he's been very supportive. He's... I was emotional and he was always trying to be present and therefore me all the time. Yeah. And he's not afraid to change diapers. I mean, I know, again, they're minimum. But he's really out putting himself out there. So So he's really like putting in a lot of effort. Yeah, so I have another son now. He's four months old. He's his Michael. Nomiila has been a very protective sister. Like literally would smack you if you take her right away. So cute. I don't know about cute part, but she will like literally look at you up to up down just like you were the of my brother. Oh yeah, very protective like that. Was that any difficulty in introducing her to like your new partner at the beginning? Usually she don't like people but when I first introduced my then boyfriend to her, now husband, she immediately warmed up. When she was around him, she was just... I know, she feels very safe to just be herself. I mean, it was her own initiative to call her papa. After we started dating a few months. Currently, my dad is trying to talk to me. He's not been in my life for about 15 years. So, you know, he'll occasionally send me messages asking me how I am, but I normally ignore them. Would you want your daughter to maintain a relationship with her, he's got to learn how to love that girl because you left that little girl So now you have to wait until she's old enough for her to be able to stand up on her own and make her own choices Again, it's my daughter's choice. I wouldn't want to impose that on her but at least for this age It's like I need to make the Mido name like Jake. Oh! Because she's precious as a gerrry. So cute! Yeah! What's the best for our big mom? Best but big mom. Big way for? Seeing her grow up just yesterday? Like the teacher just called me out for various day-to-day meeting and she was like telling me, you know, it was a girl. She's very loving and caring. Her friend for now, she just hugged. So it's like, I felt very, very happy with her. You feel the most happiest when you're with your kid? Yes, most of the time. It's like, it's happy and stress and happy. I mean, the best thing that I really love to do with her is just listening to her thought. And I just love to see how her tiny brain just works. You know, it's just like the different phases of their growth. It's just like every part of it is great. It's like they grow up so fast. It's like one mile later you have a whole new different kid. And you just have to fall in love with that kid all over again. So I'm just enjoying every version of them that they have become. Oh no. Are you happy now? Definitely. I mean, I've been through health and back. And I've always been happy. It was just like how you look at it, I guess. Sister, kid does age ever. Bye Bye Hey guys, thanks so much for watching This episode of Shrine Just Meet And if you like see more Comment down below Bye! Shrine? Shrine? See I have been traumatized that I look at Shrine as a... as a... I mean, he loves Fiona So like..., also like, you know. So basically that kind of love.