 Then when they were done they opened the door and like hey Hi, I'm Sam. Hi, I'm Hafiz. Hello, I'm Chau. Hi, here and this is Zullah. Sixth place. What is that? He's a chicken. Oh my god. I was in NUS, I am in NUS and I lived in KR and in house So for me I stayed in residential college So it's somewhat like a hall but it's a new town I think the own program is I think it comes soon That's why all the nerds are at FAT But the nerds are cool and that's really cool So moving on let's talk about your own personal heart experience So what room to stay in and also do you have any stories to share about? Me? It's not like our stories in the home I stay in a double room So for N.T. I think it's good because you can actually choose your room before you go in So thankfully I chose my friend and we ask your friends out So That's it! Because I'm moving. Your dynamic with them completely changes. It's test the friendship. There are stories of people who will stop being friends together. For my first two years at State Aboumate, and then in my remaining time in hall, I stayed in Singapore. So you like Singapore or Dable better? I enjoy staying in Dable because I always at a roommate. And it didn't get very lonely. On the other hand, the single is great also because things can go my way easier. Like in terms of the clean up in terms of access to my room. I live in... I think for me I had the best of both worlds which is a single room but also I mean the company of other people because I stayed in the sleep that has like a shared common area but you cannot choose your sleepmates so so you just hang sway whether you get good roommates or not for my first year the roommates I stayed with all seniors so we were just like high by but I was very very lucky when I was here to all people that I could click with so there's still my closest friends up and out and then I could have them exchange students who I still keep in contact with do you have any GC roommate gossip stories to share I know of this couple that always appears in my friends IG story, they are something they are very upside the door Before they go into the room I actually did it on their right, like the scene into other videos Okay, so RC is like the building is all good very nice or like HDBs right So if you're on the top floor of this RC you can look down into the lower floor of another RC People don't realise that and then they leave their blinds open So my grandma thought he was like, guys I looked up at my window and I just saw this couple having sex I was like, what? And then he was like, everybody is talking about me in the chat and it's damn bad because like, how do you tell them also, right? I just be aware and close your blinds. Then it's a very important rule. I didn't anything with my own eyes, but that's what I heard. I think the walls are quite thin. So when people study too hard, sometimes they can be hurt. When they say what did they think them? I don't think it's hard. I get what you mean by thin walls. It was my friend's's room I walked past her door and then I heard like... Oh my god! I'm gonna put my ear... Then going to be able to do it. I'm not particularly proud about it because I feel like hall is a great way to pick up new things and new skills which I didn't get to experience for myself because I was very busy talking beyond school so I couldn't really accumulate points but because I spent a lot of time in my blockmates they helped me to stay on for the next semester So I think for us if we have the same things but we call them like English groups at least in the Muso One of the groups that I think my friend started was T3Dum which is the LGBTQ club group that supports a lot of the LGBTQ plus people in the hall itself in the Muso itself That's something that I did was to think about how I danced. At the start of the year, there will be a dance competition where our hearts will compete together. So that was really funny. And so I think how is a very good place actually to try something you. If you stay in the other halls please please don't use the right coin forever. Even though it is strictly banned and people get into so much trouble and they started to climb down very strongly towards the end of my hostel. Oh also the sex culture. So I heard of how there are WhatsApp chats in home that are just for hookups. Nobody has actually seen the chat. Oh you have? Anyway. I have not seen the chair Oh you have? Anyway I need to know for I have not seen the chair You know, little trainees that have told us about these things Even to peer pressure, if people around you are doing things that you don't believe in, only it just be your own person I don't know about you but I know like in the US, like if something happens I want a whole hall no more like the next day like something Just be aware of your actions or what is your biggest thing away from staying at home I think although there's a lot of weird stories about haul and weird things that's going on I still really enjoy my stay because you really give me a chance to like learn how to live and like own and another big takeaway is definitely the friends that I've meet because there are people who have seen you at your worst there are people who you can just really not get the door and then go inside to talk if you feel down or anything I think the biggest takeaway for me was also my friends. These are the people who have been there for you because they are so accessible at the same time in my life I had a place to call my own and everything that was within this little space right belong to me and it felt so good It inspired me to want to work towards that again to someday be able to look at a place and see their own place The biggest thing for me is that staying in RC or even Hawaii made my whole unique experience a lot easier Yeah, because I had something to go back to all the time after like a very long day of classes and like friends who can kind of empathize who I'm going to and also think I think it's a lot about taking initiative and learning how to like start up a own project and do your own projects in haul Yeah, because a lot of times you don't have the opportunity to do that outside So last question will be any advice to the fellow people who are entering haul in August I think anything that's the thing that you can do for a stay true to yourself. But I think still go inside for a very open mind. Because there's a lot of new experiences and going on. And there are a lot of new things you can try and new things you can make. So I think it's going to be a very exciting time. To completely agree with whatever she has said, remember to have fun, so yeah, because like some people they just go, they just like have fall to just study or like it's a place for them to rest after school or whatnot but they sometimes forget about the fun aspect of uni life. Well, you're having fun. I feel like the fun element can people might over-emphasize on that sometimes as well. So like those who get very into all the activities and it might become very overwhelming for you. And just find your support system, know who you can rely on and who you can talk through all your struggles with and you'll's something a lot of people don't realize because you don't let whole triangle everyone like you want to study sleep and social life then people always choose to study and social life and then they don't like enough time for themselves I think there's something very important don't lose yourself in all prioritizing your own mental health is need to have a great life right yeah today we talked about whole culture and we learned that as long as you stay true to yourself you're gonna enjoy everything and your new experiences. So if you guys like this video remember to leave a comment down below and also let us know what else to talk about next time. And don't forget to like, share and subscribe! Bye!