 I see some people in the toilet searching for a wife's and a sex I stand beside you On the next place, and then I just... There Water coming all over magic There? Oh you All these are the surprise huh? You're the open up I'm pretty man Are you the king of toilet? I'm not the king of toilets So what are you? Well, I'm an R&D manager overseeing all the designs for different things in the toilet all the way to my fracturing. This is not my favourite seat but this seems very comfortable to me. How do you call seaping? So every shopping centre that I would like to visit the toilet and then I'll see how the product performs. I'm looking at one thing, wow. Very interesting that I will stay there very good. Actually you don't use this. You just drapped the bow at the back and then your flush so there will be a treasure suction inside. That I learnt from you, T's also exporting to around 26 other countries in the world. Some people actually don't know that Riga is a Singapore brand. They thought that it's an international brand. So it really makes me quite blocked. Once we go to Chang'e Port, please visit the toilets. So you can see our sensor panel, with a smiley face. There's to welcome our visitor from overseas. Riga also have smart toilet ined. Our IoT system actually collects per usage, right? How much water is being consumed? Even the toilet row has empty, there's a alert set up to the cleaner mobile to tell them to top up to make her job easier. Right in the past, MFracturing sector, it will manufacture a lot about there's not much technology being put in. Nowadays, we're talking about smart nations in Singapore especially. We have to apply a lot of technologies. That's why you see a lot of young engineers like to join the makers just because they are being excited by all these technologies and they really want to apply the skill sets into developing new products. Since we're in the toilet business right, so the maker is a company that give a lot of toilet breaks on it. So you can spend the whole day inside the toilet, nobody will complain.