 People ask me a lot, why don't I just go and become like this super high paid lawyer and don't need a lot of money to refugees? It's not like my dream was always to be a hawker, to sell coffee at a hawker's centre. I didn't even drink coffee. The only reason I did this was to create life-threats for refugees in Thailand. Usually, I have to get to the Depo Shop bar, 7 plus 7.3030 litres. I've got to pick up all the ingredients that Amoy needs for the day, like the bread, the coffee beans, and load it up into the car and drive it up to Amoy. If I sit like this cup. It's actually just black and white when it's printed in Thailand, then it sends directly to these refugees who are working with take colour in. Every single one of our cup will be unique because it's actually coloured by someone different. We try to commission enough stickers every month, so 300 stickers every month works out to 3,000 baht and that is the average price of rent in outer Bangkok. Actually, before I started myoster, I did even drink coffee. I was a lawyer and all of my lawyer friends who pulled all night to stay with drink coffee, right? I'm hoping that Maroster creates a machine that converts the existing consumerism in Singapore into meaningful livelihoods for refugees. I don't want it to always just be eight end donations that are sustaining them. No one wants to queue up for three hours. No one wants to go there and have to prove how important they are to get the back of rice. Why can't they just get the back of rice themselves? There's dignity in earning your own living and being able to afford your family yourself. Hi! Thank you so much! People ask me why refugees specifically are right. I think there was a time in my life where I really needed help and I needed someone to speak up for me and to fight for me because I was too weak to do it for myself. And that period of time I also heard a lot about refugees. It resonated a lot with me like why they're going through because no one will believe that story, no one will help them. And that's why I want to help. I realized that for a lot of them, they don't have the legal right to work. The more pressing need was paid rent, buy food for their children and I felt that it would be more useful for me to focus my attention on life-leafers. And that's how I ended up with my roster. Everything okay? I'm going level first, bye bye! Broche, making process is very long actually. We take around six to eight hours. I mean, sometimes I think about it, maybe you just buy from like, wholesaler, you know, like, Delhi friends, they just be like, second seller. But I think it will affect us very little known for all this stuff. So so I can't really change the menu now people will realise For me, I'm more of a world, but I think my dad knows so much. So he'll just be like, oh, there's seasons. Where is for me? Our like, stress at everything. Whenever it's done, I'll just be like, oh my gosh, no. I think it's done. My normal life last time. Every lunch, I will go to the gym. Which cost me like, I think maybe 200 a month, right? After my gym, I'll go and buy this $7 chai latte. And I will be like wow this $7 box is crazy but I will still do it every single day yeah sometimes people ask me if I miss my old job right I do miss being an employee if anyone is an employee stay an employee don't become an employer because I've never experienced living so close to the margin before right, you're under a lot more uncertainty and that feeling of not knowing if you can cover this mental stress is what the refugees that I work with go through every day of their life. I think one of the reasons that I continue even though it's a pretty hard time was okay, we're supporting 11 refugees. If I have to feel like this every day, this mental stress, I can't imagine 11 people have to feel like that without our programs. The only reason I'm still here is because I feel like there's a bigger purpose to this show. The more cups we sell, the more refugees we can onboard to our program. Every cup matters, every cup is literally like someone is behind the artwork on your cup and it's their life that you're like helping out.