 Madam, the first amendment is to implement the recommendation by the CPF Advisory Panel to allow members who turn 55 in 2013 or later to make a lump sum withdrawal of up to 20% from their retirement account when they reach the payout eligibility age or PEA in short. With this change, members will have three options on their lump sum withdrawal. will be available in the UK for free. the of CPF payout for members on the retirement sum scheme. Today, members who joined the CPF life scheme will receive payout automatically when they reach age 70. However, members on the retirement sum scheme have to apply to start their payout. Some of them may not have done so despite receiving reminders from CPF board around two months before their PEA. We are therefore manding the CPF-A to allow for automatic starting or payouts at age 70 for members of the retirement sum scheme. This approach is similar to that for CPF life and will start in 2018. About one in three members are expected to benefit from the automatic starting or payout under the return of some skill. The third set of amendments updates the CPF-A to support the implementation of the basic healthcare sum of BHS for SOAP, which took effect on 1 January 2016. The BHS was introduced by the Ministry of Health for CPF members to meet their basic subsidized health candidates in OH. The BHS is fixed for each cohort with a turn 65 years old. It is a maximum amount a member can set the site in his medicine account. Any additional medicine contributed to The In addition, members age 55 and the birth now no longer need to top up their medicine account before withdrawing from their ordinary and special accounts. To fully effect these changes, we are manding the CPF ad to remove obsolete provisions relating to the medicine minimum sum scheme, minimum sum, and fix a BH for each cohort when it turns 65 years old. The fourth and last sets of amendments provide greater clarity and efficiency in the administrations of some parts of the CPF system, and this includes replacing minimum sum with retirement sum, clarifying administrative financial penalties framework, recovery of government grants, to on simplifying the MediSafe top-up process for family members. Today, members age 55 and above, who have already set aside their cohort full retirement sum, have to withdraw the assessed money from their ordinary and special accounts in cash before they can use it to top up the MediSafe account of certain family members, H55 and above. So this amendment will enable members to make such top out directly from their ordinary and special accounts to the MediSafe accounts of these family members. you