 I was told that I'm being ignorant like every time they try to call my name, I did not respond. I feel confused. And the moment I was diagnosed with moderate hearing loss, I did ask myself a lot. Is this the end of my career and why it's still able to work in the world like you need to look after a cancer patient? After I informed my nurse manager about my hearing loss, she was also worried initially but she was always there for me. She was telling me why not you give it a try and perform was brought up by my single mother. So whenever I witnessed my mom fall sick when I was younger, I feel so helpless and didn't know what to do. So at the point of that, I kept telling my mom and promise my mom, like, you know what? I got to be a nurse one day so whenever I felt sick, I know what to do next. Because of my promise to my mum, that keeps me going. As a new hearing aid user, you tend to hear all the background noises that you haven't been hearing for the past 20 years. Sometimes the hospital environment can be very loud. I'll be scanning and there's a beep sound. At the same time, there's another beep sound from the pilot call and the phone call at the same time. It's very overwhelming. I can hear all kinds of sounds, like all come together. So far from my experience, my patients were not even know that I have hearing issues until I actually told them. So it doesn't affect my performance and skills. Most of them cannot see unless you are right beside me. Because it's just a transparent dealing hanging around my ear. Especially for cancer patients. After receiving the chemotherapy, they will be born to fall. So it's very important for nurses like us to have good hearing skills. We have to be very alert. So far so good. And lastly, my mom actually diagnosed with stage 4 cancer. The doctor declared that she has to be in parliathes. Like, feel as comfortable as possible before the end of life. Yeah, so because of that, I actually ran back to Malaysia just to look after my mum, being a full-time caregiver. It's scary to go through the process by yourself. She said that if I'm not around, she will have died in the hospital instead of at home, which is something that she didn't want to. I was able to take care of her until her last day. I slept with her until her last breath. Because her last words to me was, I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. I feel safe with you. to provide the best, utmost comfort care for the same situation as my mum. you