 I just think that life is more beautiful with more colours. It should not be just restricted to painting or flower arrangement. I think food can also be the past three over years. Why do I make coloured vermicelli? Food has to be appealing by looking at it and you feel like you want to eat it. I'm sure that your appetite will be much better as well. It's made fresh everyday. We don't use any food coloring in our food when making the dough. It's meant to be a comfort food. It's meant to be healthy. If you use a food colour, when you actually cook it, all these colourings will actually come out. When you take out the dough, the dough will probably be white. If it is natural from the fruit itself or from the veggie itself, the soup base will just be a slight change of the colour. I wanted the four primary colours of red, blue, yellow and green. For red, that's the beetroot one. The blue is the blue pea. The yellow is the pumpkin. The green one is the spinach. Every different colour has different properties. So spinach, because of its fiber, for people who have bowel movement problems, that's also a very good thing. Beetroot is an anti-oxidant. So there's a prevention of cancer, pumpkin. It's very rich in vitamin C. It actually gives a glow. Blue pee if you consume it daily. It can give you very good shiny hair. Promotes better eyesight. So they have their own personality, they have their own characteristics. It's just like my play dough. It's fun playing with what you actually cook. My mom is the main catalyst as to why I started to learn how to cook. My grandmother passed away when I was 16. After that, we kind of lost a great cook. We started eating out. And I noticed that my mom was eating less than that. I think that throughout all these years, my mum has always been very used to having home cooked food. I told myself, actually why not? I could try. So I started asking my aunties, people who I feel were really great cooks. And eventually I came up with my own recipe. If it wasn't for keeping me going. They don't have to tell you that this is the best. You don't have to be the best. That would definitely be somebody better than you. But as long as it's something that when they eat it, they feel that this is the right taste for them, I think that it's good enough for me. you