 She was like, Africa, do you want to see a surprise? And she did this first girl and then she said, look underneath, and look It was a massacre down there, it was just blood all the way Hi, hi, do you have any period horror stories? There's so many. I cannot even begin to tell you how many there are. The story I'm about to tell you has a title. The title is, Do men not have dustpins in their toilets? It all started when I was hanging out with this guy at his house. So we were just playing video games and stuff. Nothing suspicious, okay? We were just playing video games. After a while I went to the toilet, just to do normal toilet stuff, then I realized, oh, I need to change my pet. So I just, you know, I started changing my pet. You know how girls like the pet, they will think the pet and then they will like wrap in toilet paper and they will throw it away. So I had my little pet in toilet paper bowl just as holding it, then I looked around. There's no bin here, there's no dustbin anywhere inside. They might head outside. This guy has a surround sound gaming system. He has a walk-in wardrobe, but he doesn't have a dustbin in his toilet. And then he's outside. He's like, you okay? And I'm like, I don't want to tell him that I have nowhere to throw my pair. So I really sat in there for 10 minutes trying to figure out what to do. And then eventually somehow, got a plastic bag and I stuffed into my plastic bag and I tied up and I like shoved in my pocket and I was like I came out of the toilet and I was like haha I need to go home now! I think it's like what? And I was like bye! Then I used to myself out of there. If you are a male viewer you are watching this video and you are male, can you tell me do you have a... That's been in your toilet like I'm perplexed. I was so traumatized by it, I can't even remember the exact date it was the first of January We were sleeping and then I woke up because I felt like my down there wet and I was like shit the eye went a bit then I looked like blood blood, right? It wasn't like a small red dot it was Then my boyfriend's house the sink is outside the toilet not in the toilet So I cannot close the door So I was in the kitchen, opening scrubbing my blood stain, big sheets And then his mom walked out of her room She opened the door, then she very happily tell me, come on, I shall meet There was a... Come on, you're late What happened? No, I stayed in excess bed, oh my god She doesn't score me She just stay over the sheets and then put into the washing machine and then help me clean the bed with me Because the blood actually sit through the bed sheet and I stand the mattress also So we actually flip the mattress around in students But if I flip it back I will that brow patch. I was gonna go on a trip and overseas trip with my classmates. They are like the P5 overseas trip. And it was to Nansing, China. And it was my first time away from my parents alone together with my friends. Then on the day itself, when I got on the school bus, I first went to the next thing I knew from one part of Singapore, the way to Changi Airport My whole pants when I woke up right towards a blood bath It was just red and I was like Oh my god my hair just looks cute or something I'm gonna show up at the very end Now that's oh shit it's my period when I stood up right I felt so bad because like the blood stains on the on the bus seat It's not the leather kind you know but you can just use it back tissue to wipe It's the cushion kind, you know, but it was so cut Then I think I tried to take like some tissues or one hour I really tried to wipe whatever I could Oh my god, this is like a blood bath It was so disgusting It was like one of my heavier spirits I don't know why For a P5 girl, I was like 11 and why did so much black come on me I took the video, now I spray, I spray water All I took some wet tissue like I really got it spray Then I got chun, my jeans out at the toilet bowl The make sure that everything was dry Obviously I cannot walk out of the cubicle Like half naked right? So I think I wore back my jeans And then you know the hand dryer I just stood under there and I just keep putting my hand there so that it knows that it can censor my hand. And I stand there and let my jeans dry off. And my butt like like that. Then move the right. Head dryer just dry my jeans. And then I went back to meet my classmates. I think that happened. I don't have any specific period horror stories but every time I sneeze during my period it's just like a... I was like the Japan flag for 10 years of my life, my school uniform was completely white and last time I remember my mother used to say like what uniform, damn troublesome, very easy stain and you know what, this exactly what happened it was a Saturday some more that day just happened when we had to go back to school for some school and even a series celebration or something so can you imagine right? the whole freaking school is in the auditorium and then there was a party time where like I think the guests of honor or some important person walked into the building. Everyone need to stand to clap. The moment I stand, my husband from the back, she turned to me and she, oh my god, your skirt got stained. I think you trolling me. No, no, no, no. I think I'm damn sick. The worst part is in front of the few rows of people behind me. I right I still need to run to the nearest toilet Which is freaking far by the way and then I had to explain to my teachers Because some important person talking in front of you, you imagine this child trying to run off on the back Can you like seek down just like the person to officer? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, you don't understand I got sick right now, so I do, at that point in time, it's not possible to hide it from anybody. But also like you're the thin and like nobody recays. So when I remember I need to go to toilet and then it was quite packed. So there's only like one cubicle left. No, I went and I was like, what does it smell so funny? So I look over. The beam was full with pet and then you can see where it is. Some pet is not even wrapped with the tissue paper you know. But you can see the red spot and the black stuff. Yeah, then it was then close like like stick and you cannot close and on top of that right, it's still got one pamper you know and it's soaked. And I talk about it, I still remember the toilet for about 10 minutes and I was very cautious when I left. Of course I wanted to make sure that they went back all the way to the classroom before I even leave the toilet just in case you know, I don't know maybe they wait for me outside to see who is this girl changing my pet so loudly. I can't control the sum just changing my pet and you're so menstrual right? I've been in a girl's school for 10 years so that means all things periods are super normalised sometimes I don't cross the room I say anybody got a pet they were just thoughts or cross and it's totally normal so in set 3 we were having assembly and we went to hall and I was really scared of her but she was friendly to me and I tapped on my back. She was like, Africa! Do you want to see a surprise? First of all, this assembly is really boring. I would love to see a surprise. Second of all, I don't want to piss it off so I just said, yes, sure! Then she did this and it's good and then she said, look underneath. And I was just so bored and brain-daped from the assembly. I just, okay, I look... It was a massacre down there. It was just blood all the way It's not like she leaked to anything. She was free bleeding Free bleeding from her young heart spandys we were like sitting crisscrossed right and then she just tried her butt on the floor and she left a bloody snail trail on the ground and I did not know how to react I was just staring at the trail I just didn't know what to I felt like if I said, what are you doing? She's gonna beat me up. If I pointed it out, I would embarrass her. So I did not know what to say. I just like, great. Go school things. Thank you for watching this episode. Let us know in the comments what else you'd like us to share about. Don't forget to like, share and subscribe. Bye.