 I think I last year somebody DMed me like, Hi, can you tell you something? Your photos are similar like, actually in a settlement group kind of thing. I said like, definitely screenshots. So, but since I said no, there's no screenshots but I can see in the link to draw it. But it was a very suspiciously long link and I said, you have to import your phone number. I'm like, why? Welcome back to T-Talk. And today we have not new guests like Nicole's and the co-star's a new familiar face. We have a new guest like many! We're so excited! Welcome back! We're going to talk a lot about Scams today and how susceptible we are to Scams. Have you guys fallen or have any encounter with Scams before? I've never really had a scam but I think maybe my closest interaction was that I had some like credit card and debit card related fraud. So basically I was overseas and then I don't know what prompted me to decide to check my credit card statement which I checked me like once every month or so right and then I saw like 1000 plus plus plus deducted all my credit card and then I checked my debit card and for some reason like a few other 1000s deducted so I caught them and they were like okay immediately you know, cans all your cards will like return you the money just like far your claims and numbers so yeah so scary but you got your money back I did I think the scariest part was that I didn't know where it came from or, right? So, right. Yeah, I know I've seen like recent posts about people who download apps and then's like I'myear-old woman. She saw an ad. Of this, she was like, skin for free bubble tea. So she scanned it and she woke up in the morning. I think $20,000 was taken from her bank account. But it's exactly what when they said, right? In one night. Because the software had access to like a bank account details. I would have followed for that. Really? The number two team? I've downloaded many things for free. Like what? Like what? Okay so far there's been no scams but it's a shop that tells me just download this app or just film this survey for free drinks or free toppings at Barfootie store. I've done everything. Allegedly like the woman who scanned the QR code for the free bubble tea. Even though it was at the Barboatty shop, the Barboatty shop said it wasn't my dad. She didn't even get a free bubble tea. She loves candy can. So funny. So funny. So apparently what I read that you can do to protect yourself, right, is that if you are downloading it at, we need to make sure that you are downloading from the proper app store, which is like Apple App Store and Google Play Store. Make sure you check that the developer details are real. And then if you have a really downloaded app, what I need to do is to turn your phone to app remote, turn off Wi-Fi, and then run an anti-scam application just to make sure everything is good. You should also check whether you have any unauthorized bank transactions that has been done through another device. I hear now that the banks are actually rolling out this new measure to lock a certain amount that you have digitally in a vault almost. So it can be digitally transferred out. But if you want to transfer money, you have to probably go in person to an ATM or a branch to do that big transfer. So then have you ever felt or encountered any fishing scams? I think last year somebody DMed me, like, hi, like I did do right? Yeah, so but they said no, there's no screenshots but I can say in the link to drawing and I said oh yes please I thought it would be like maybe what said good chat or the same things but it was a very suspiciously long link with no We're not a common domain name or it's happening so it's okay Went in and I said I was like, why? Why? Yeah. Why isn't this just a telegram group chat? Why? Like, it's so sad if you got to judge right? Yeah. And I bought the tree and I was like a bit suspicious already. So I said, it didn't work. He said, you have to put a real number. I was like, how do you know what I didn't? You know what I mean? They're so creepy. Yeah, I was like, okay, these were very suspicious. I asked around. I posted on my studio, sorry. I saw a lot of people came and said like, it's a scam, don't fall for it. I was thinking though, how they take the weak spot and they attack it. You know where you're vulnerable and then they just... It's so common for these things to happen in Singapore, in terms of like spreading pictures around you. So girls always have that lingering fear, it's so scary and to explore it, it's just very personal. It was exactly the same. So it's true telegram. Yeah, it's telegram like a conversation kind of thing. She was quite skeptical initially but once she transferred right and then she saw the returns and there's this transbuilding basis that you go through right and once you realize it actually the money quite easy to earn so you would dare to invest a little more. She continued to invest, continued to give until one day the return didn't come back. So that was when it got really bad and they didn't get back to her and that was when she realised, oh my god, this is a scam. Because this is it, I just got scammed because it's 20k. It boils up to 20k. It's a lot of money. Did they get it? She didn't, 20k gone. All they can do is make a police report about it police report about it. Yeah. Do you feel that you were fall for something like that? Or we are blaming ourselves if we do? I was gonna say, I think we were still used to saying, I know only old people fall for scam. I think increasingly... With the scam tactics, the rights, the chewing clutch. I don't want to say that I would never. there's a high possibility that it might happen. I hear that there are some ways that you can prevent these drop scams, which is basically if a company approaches you, you should do background research on the company. Also, don't pay to secure a job offer. Because I think it's a bit weird. Don't fall for this like too good to be through true like you Do something small and then you get a quick buck and don't give out your personal details like a phone number Yeah, so I think that's how you kind of at least like these you can just think of these together Yeah, yeah, this is app called scam show the fox icon right you've used it before. Oh, I have it on my phone is basically just install it once and you set it up once then I'm not fee so I get my PA to bring you. So, I was like, okay, I'm sure I'll switch back with the PA to go and see the house. Like an extra person. Like an extra person. Oh my god, an extra house. You the extra person. Oh yeah, very nice. Okay, she went good. Price not bad. And she was like, okay, I pushed my luck. Asked for like a study lower, mantifi, then the agent back would be, yeah, can, can, can. No problem, no problem. No fight was like, no fight. It was like, okay, a bit sars, they started to like, oh yeah, can quickly sign, you know. Like if you like it today, then we sign it today, which is very like, usually it doesn't really happen that way. Yeah, you need some discussion. Correct. And that's like a bit of like bad form. What she did was she went to ask one of her friends with a real estate agent to go and check like their real estate agent depository That's the end of shopping online. He also on Instagram scrolling and then this ad came out for a moon lamp basically a lamp ship like a moon. Okay, it's kind of cute. I understand. Yeah, it's like, wow, so like can change color and all that right? I was like, oh my god, it looks so nice. It's like, it's like, it's like So I was like, oh my god, I want to buy one big litat thing I was checking. I didn't realise, like, I have no news about my lamp coming, right? Then I went to find the... I took a piece that I got to be seat or something, but I remember where I bought the thing from. So I went to search online, like this website and it didn't then But do you like check for reviews? No, I just like I have to have this when if I can't tell my house and I want to check up now I was like oh my god, I want to check my bank account to see if there was like any other transactions But I mean don't have like like, just that wooden lamp that was deducted. Then I was like, oh damn, thank God it was just like that. One like item. Yeah, so if you shop online or any like e-commerce website, please remember to check reviews. And I think you saved payment methods. Yeah, don't be like, don't be there positive reviews. Yeah, I think reviews are, nowadays I read a lot of reviews to see like... I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think it's a bit of a hassle. I think out of everything that we've shared today, it really pays to be safe rather than sorry. And apparently there's like three tips to not fall for a scam or to prevent yourself from falling for such an educational episode. Yeah, it is. It's act, the acronym ACT. One is an A is add scam shield at I'm sure you're just I'm sure you're just yeah and then see is to check for scam signs with official sources so I know like not unless like you receive news like about okay there's this kind of scam going around on like the banks will tell you like this is kind of scam going on don't offer offer it. Just check with official sources for these news. Maybe like a goal just to verify scam signs. So last one is to tell the authorities, your friends and families about these scam encounters. So don't keep it yourself. Basically, whatever you've been doing it very well, you've been acting. So this has been a very educational episode of T-Town. I've seen a lot and we'll see you guys on the next episode. See you next time. Bye! I almost dead.