 So every time after smoking, I will always be very happy with that. I'll be very happy. I have this small on to high. Then they'll be like, why you smoke? What? I was like, no, I'm not weak, I don't smoke. So that's the only term that I conclude myself as a pitmastor. Somebody who knows the equipment well. There was once when I was smoking at home, the meat where I took it out right, then it was so soft that it's lit and fell off my hand and splattered on the ground. Half of it went into my fish pond. I smoked about 80 to 90 kilos of brisket a week. Brisket is actually a tough cut of meat. In the smoking circle, the ultimate goal that everybody wants to reach. Smoking is usually dominated by the males. I have to carry 90 kilos of meat every week. I think it's easier for males with their strength and physical build. But I'm somebody who enjoy doing such things and I feel that women can also do the things that men can do. I don't really have to go dream anymore, it is. I think so. So when I first started it was at the back of my house. Within six months I scaled up into a commercial business. I had like some strangers coming up to me and say that you know you are not a F&B train, you are not a chef, what makes you think that you can sell your meat? It's also this kind of words that make me motivate and go on further. Like I want to prove him wrong, I also want to prove myself wrong. So I will convert my energy into how I can smoke better meats. When I first stumbled upon smoking meats like online reading of people who don't sleep over 20 hours I was like what's that all these people are really crazy eh? Who knows like now I'm part of it. So right now it has been 22 hours and the brisket is finally, I think it should be ready. There's a lot of time and patience and love. That means look at the end result. That's the part that you will wow out yourself and you make everybody around you like wow. And I think that is like the joy of smoking and I really enjoy myself. When I first listed my product on my website, and that was totally sold out in 30 seconds. I realized that when you set your mind on something, you can just work through it. I believe that the passion, the love you have, the enjoyment that you have, it will always be reflected in the mix. And for me, the heart just feels so full. I think that it's really the kind of feeling that I'm looking for and whatever that I do. I mean, not just smoking. Yeah, life is short, I just enjoy. So, you must share the happiness and joy with everybody just like how I share my food. you