 I find it quite therapeutic to clean dishes. You was very scared of theime and the rotting food sometimes? Because when it smells, it makes you like, like, gag. My mom, she actually has been in this line for quite a while now. Couple of decades, in fact. I really respect her a lot because she is so breadwinner. She brought me and my sister up, single handed to you. I was faced with the decision on whether I should go to uni or come into this dish washing line to help have to help my mum but I realised that maybe you don't need a degree to wash dishes. Yeah, I don't think she can keep going at this pace much longer. So yeah, I just needed to step in to help elevate this burden of her. Thank you. My colleagues are all very old. I love my armas age. It's just very wholesome, I feel. Sometimes, I'm walking in my elbow like that. I feel like people can't respect you if you don't know how to do it. If you want to manage something, you have to learn the nature of it and the best way is by doing it. And if they have anything that they're struggling with or things that could be improved in terms of processes, I wanted to make that change. It was also tough because sometimes when I bump into people that are actually north, they would see like, oh, how bad did he mess up his life to be cleaning today and washing dishes or like, doing a trash. If I were to say like, oh, this is my mom's company, I'm working, I feel that it's very snobbish, it discredits all the heartwork that I put in. Being a servant doesn't mean that you're the lowest. In fact, it's a joy to serve people. Growing up without a dad, it made me somewhat insecure sometimes. But it was in church that I found my confidence. So I think growing up like that, it has also stuck with me. Yeah, I can find joy in serving people. I started to turn my coping mechanism to humor. So if people ask me, I will tell you how I feel. I'm feeling a little tired, I'm tired, I'm tired boy, you're so young, you're so young. I'll tell you, now I'm in love with you, how I'm having a tough time. Whatever puts food on the table. Gotta keep dripping, just yet. This is really an honest living and you're serving the society. You're doing something that not many people want to do. It just so happens that for me, it's cleaning and might not be the most glamorous, but yeah, it's still a form of serving people. They are always just in the background, but they are the invisible force that keeps your everyday life running. So I just hope that next time anyone sees a younger person cleaning, it's not because they messed up their life, but it is still an honest job, it is not food on the table or my sister and I growing up. you