 The girl was asking the father why the guy is so short. The usual questions that kids ask out of curiosity. This is why you're not here on the street? Yes. It's good that kids are asking and show that they are observant and the observations skills are pretty good. I found out about my condition when I was about 4 to 5 and I realised my classmates, they are body proportions were different from me and my legs and my hands were shorter, my head was bigger, they started to mock at me in terms of why your head is so big it did kind of really, disturbed me Why can't I lead a normal life? That's my head affect you why why the comment why the question One of the biggest struggle I face every day is not able to reach things of a certain height. That a normal person can do. So, for example, at home, I will have to use a stool to reach something that is higher than me. But also it trains me to find creative ways to overcome my problems. People this out of curiosity asks whether it's my parents born like that, that's why I'm like that. I don't blame them for asking because I'm more than happy at the age of four. I always blame my condition for affecting my learning abilities. I have to work harder than anyone else. You affected my level of confidence to achieve certain goals. The change happened when I found my passion in photography when I was graciously accepted in a firm school. The lecturers there set me for who I am and no special treatment is given to me. I do not want to be treated specially anymore. I have been pursuing photography as a passion because I found joy in capturing beautiful moments of people. Plus, the joy over to someone else that they feel even motivated after a long week of work. I feel very encouraged. Even though sometimes they don't say it, but you know that you have done your part. Even through a photo or through a conversation, through a word. I've gone through a lot since it comes out, during my childhood. I don't want others to feel the same. I feel that the people who are born with this medical condition and real pleasure are being shelf-away. They are still being spoken about. Hence, this was my purpose and motivation to come up and to share about this condition. One thing I will tell my younger self is to not allow other people's comments feedback, affect me. Take the step forward to understand myself better and to have the confidence in myself.