 My friends and I were having couple of drinks and my friend just said, look how charcoal you use. I said, I use Japanese soap. He said, hey bro, bani gopah, that's right. Very pretentious. I think that was the best name we got so we just stuck with it. Hi, my name is Jeremy. I'm the owner of Baniok and I will be operating about half to five years now. Bani gopah, we have only one skewer which is our short-repe skewer. The idea was conceived when I was walking in the streets of Japan with my parents. We saw this place owned by a Japanese man. He knew his guess. He knew exactly what they wanted when they came in and wanted to create something similar here. When we first started it was challenging. A lot of people were very skeptical about this place. Ways for my money. We prepared the clothes, our service, our things. I think a lot of motivation comes intrinsically where we see that we can produce results that nobody talked about. We could take what you think is constructive from this hating and apply it effectively to yourself. Ultimately, it's a hidden gem to them. It's like a surprise find in such an area. The charcoal itself, when it burns, it burns at a higher temperature. So everything is nicely seen and the smoky flavour is different. A lot of people say this is a taste of earlier times. I found out that I like cooking when I was 14. It was difficult to come out as someone that wants to pursue this. My parents and I explored the option of going to a culinary programme. For me, it was, I was pretty certain that I was going to follow this path all the way. I guess I knew what I wanted to do since I was 14. Every hawker there's a story and it just so happens that I'm younger. Young people should pave the way for other younger people to let them see that. Actually it's doable. I encourage more young people to explore the option of being an hawker. To push boundaries of a new age hawker centre could be, because there's a lot of emphasis on younger generations being a food entrepreneur. I want to be a farmer, like a foreal for real, for someone that really likes to cook. I think it's important for me to get in touch with, to produce the livestock, the whole chain that I'm gonna write?