 We will therefore refine the processing of both past applications for EP. Currently, in processing EP applications, we assess only the individual related criteria, their qualification, their experience, their salary. Going forward, we will also be looking at three additional factors. They are company related, so not just individual related criteria, but also company related. And the assessment will be carried by Tafat, Trapatat Alliance for Fair and Progressive Employment Practices. First assessment, how strong is a Singaporean call in this company today? Majority of the company and to the next three norms. Second assessment. With a weak Singaporean call today, do they have any firm commitment to nurture and strengthen the Singaporean call for the future? Thirdly, and finally, in consultation with relevant ecrometries, we assess how relevant this double-week company, weak Singaporean call, weak commitment to nurture Singaporean call, how relevant this double-week company to our economy and society. If they are not here, how much will we be affected? And if the answer is not much, then they are what we call the triple-week company. Week in Singaporean call, we in commitment at the same time, week in commitment linkage and social impact. Mr Patrick Day has shared his concern regarding this Triple Week Company, which are our targets for our courses, scrutiny. At TAFAT's recommendation, they will replace on our watch list, not because we are anti-Fordana, but because their behaviour has add to the deepening of local foreign divide in our Singapore workforce. If left unchecked, the sentiment of total versus month will continue to grow, it will weaken the unity, the creation, and I think eventually, the overall competitiveness of Singapore. Now, for those triple-week companies with no progress make, at the recommendation of Tafet, their work-based privileges can be suspended. Renewable existing EPs, processing on new EPs application will be affected. Cartoon Man of World Bank's privilege were serious consequences on their continued operations and growth in Singapore. So we hope they will take corrective actions. Move out of the triple week list. Don't just grow their business here by trade Singaporeans fairly too and help build a stronger Singaporean call in their companies and industries.