 For my partner and I to make our living room what we consider cozy or in our bedroom like what we consider cozy is very nice Like before going to bed I used to look at her now I look at the corner that I... But I can't hear in the morning Okay, okay, okay Okay, okay, okay Okay, and we are back for another episode of Ketox Yay! Yay! And we are here to talk about housing because we are all first time house owners. Okay, very young, you can say your type housing, maybe your marital status, I can ask that. I'm married and I have a resell flat in P. Because swimming pool. Yeah, like two dogs. Hi, my name is Yuheng. I'm 30 this year. I'm recently engaged. My BTO is in Tempani's. Yeah, Tempani's. Yeah, Tempani's. I'm with Chia. I'm with Chia for the east. Chia, because I suddenly silent. I don't want Chia for him. Chia, Ma'sabi's Tempani's. Okay, so we're gonna play this game called, like, Would You Rather Last. So there are certain options here. So, Would You Rather E? Please Yes! I don't mind if I don't earn that much for me to afford that location. So I need to like, prioritise on whatever I can afford. So I decided to go for like, Joang is instead. Because I think Joang is like, there's we kind of wanted either per door or dampenies, we liked dampenies but we forgot a lot of things because for us we weren't expecting to get a flat during that exercise but we did and when it was our turn to choose a flat we didn't have high floor options left. So I mean as much as we wanted to also stay like 30 floor that kind of we don't have a choice. So that's one thing that we have to forego. Those are things that unfortunately I can't choose but my price is quite healthy for me to think about. So I don't feel anxious thinking about, oh my goodness, I need to pay so much. Yeah, I think for me location is one of the primary consideration. Your location costs how much? Not bongo, per se, but within the estate I wanted something that was more accessible and had facilities or amenities nearby. What is important for you? I think commute to work for one. I think that was the meaning that my father and I were looking at. Yeah, the bounce-based directors commute to work is further. I mean, but that's very safe on cost. And then you also stay near your parents? Correct. Yeah. So I stayed within just nice within the 4km radius. So I managed to get the proximity housing grant as well. So I think I was just within 100 meters. I by true a stone, the stone won... Okay, so since you're saying you're paid less for a less ideal location, I don't know how much your house costs, like roughly. Mine was about 320K for a 4-room flat. Right, nice. That's a good number. What about you? It's similar to your cost, 370. That's okay, okay. I'm quite obvious when I hear all the retail prices. Mine is reserved, so I paid about close to half a million, that about... for a forum. No, but then you get your flat faster. Yeah, you don't have to wait. It's true. I'm still waiting. We are still waiting. We just see the model, then like, have you... See your See the paper, the phone. I just asked five years later, see you, like, I... I don't know, I can't two BTOs! I think I should make more friends in the East or I can move here, change your BTO No, no, no, then I'll invite you out to the West I think people won't go but okay, you can try Okay Let me know if I have 5 years, I'll put your mic out Okay Okay Would you rather buy a resell flat or private property to move in earlier or be buy a BTO and move in? Okay Why are you so angry? We are very used to having our own space. I love living with my friends and I appreciate them for all that. But I also really like having my own space. So I don't think it's something that I can go back to. So I think we would still go for a resale. Actually, I think that's quite a great point. Because a lot of couples, one that freedom was for us. For me and my partner, sometimes we will just randomly chat about things. And we were thinking about how nice it is if we had our own space. Like now, right? Yeah. Okay, so the situation around me getting my video was that it was a decision that we didn't expect to make because it wasn't a very ideal unit for her and she really, like the dream home she envisioned wasn't like facing a carpark on the fourth floor. Yeah, so why did your partner decide to like keep the flat? Okay, so after discussing for for months, right, I think one fine day she just woke up and she's like, you know what, let's just try and make this home the best home we can. Then even if we don't like it down the road, if like she cannot stand like, you know, the carpark noises or whatever, we will just find a new place to live. It's not like we have to commit to something at this point in our lives. It's the idea that you make your dream home, not that. The dream home is given to you. So, Pai Phan, would you ran before you get your video? I've already talked that question. You think now? it's not something that we are considering at that moment. You also have a proposal here. Yellow! Where! How can? Where's your proposal? Where's your proposal? I have a laptop to give. I think for Bella, she mentioned just now that she needs to pay 700k in a lump. Not really a lump sum. Yeah, she don't have the 700k but yeah. For us, at least we get the EHEG grant. And Hans 1000 grant. So basically, it's a grant given by HDB for you to offset some of the costs of financing the house. I mean your house costs like 700K. So how do you afford it? I can't afford it. Let me do an answer. Sometimes I wonder too. I think it's a commitment that you decided on. So there will be certain life changes. Like previously I always thought of, you know, every few years I would live a year overseas. But now with a house, then you have to ask yourself, you know, can you afford it or like I must always have a job. But definitely like having such a big financial commitment is huge. Then just got to make adjustments to my lifestyle law. I can still do some plus subscription. No, I just really just take note of every single month. I like now I have a table of all my expenditure and all the loans I have to pay. I feel a lot of people don't... I mean the people I know at least right. Didn't think about that until they committed to a housing option. For example, they will be like, oh yeah, I can afford it. But then when they go for the housing option that they want, they realize, oh now I have to change a lot to my life. If you haven't gotten a house, it's a good idea to start thinking about all these things first. I wish I thought about that more. Because... No, no, she... My partner is a planner. I wasn't. Because if she didn't kickstart the whole process of like, let's plan of finances, right? I would have been a lot more anxious about my house. So the idea that you know we have to sit down and think about, okay, if we want to afford this, what should our life look like? What should our lifestyle be like? Can I already for the last one? Yes. I'll be by a starter home and upgrade at a little time. Wow, a starter home, like Minecraft. I think this is a A for me at the moment. So you buy your dream house and stay in a long run. My current situation is A for me. Is that what you will have chosen? I thought your dream house is your viral piece. That's Dream A1. Then this is Dream A2. So still Dream House Still can consider Dreamhouse, yeah Happy for you Yeah, I mean there are okay, Jiang Baru is Dream A1 because of the location Yeah, location is ideal Yeah, but the wrong is is A2 because The location is not as ideal as Jiang Baru But the height is grey, yes, it's still considered dream. That's my definition. So why then? Why would you start? I mean, of course it's a big thing obviously. For example, her dream home, I say it's a condor, but given our current finances, it's a bit hard for us to look at a condo and be like, I want to buy it. My dream home is as long as it's nice and it has a very nice kitchen. I'm happy with it. But unfortunately, that also means that a lot of condos, right? Because the kitchen is very small, right? So we do have to like, wear our clothes and consla. But happy wife, happy wife. She wants condos. I'm trying to make sure to say for you, your home is where my live is. That's true. My dream home is where my wife is. Where my future wife is. Trying to be both from now on. What from the year I can't take it? And I think the bonus of having a video that a lot of people don't necessarily think about is the fact that waiting is a bad thing. Waiting means that you have time to build up your finances, you have time to progress in your career to a more stable place so that when you actually get the house you don't feel anxious about a lot of things. Okay, or Ben, you just recently moved in. So was it very exciting like seeing everything done up like how you planned it to be? Yes, it's nice to be able to finally decorate and make something your own. Everyone has a different idea of cosy. For my partner and I to make our living room what we consider cosy and our bedroom, what we consider cosy is very nice. Before going to bed, I used to look at her. Now I look at the corner that I... But I look at her in the morning. So, as for time house owners, like, what you're most excited about? I want to get your pay for one. But I need to think. I haven't really think about it. I was also excited to host my first house party. I am very excited also about that. So, I'm excited about the real world. No, not when it's so nice really right then invite people to your house. Then you're like, wow look at the first house. Because I think going to a lot of house parties. I think it's having that space to yourself to be able to invite people over and I don't know create memories in that house. Good vibes. It's nice to have friends over. It's true. Ben has a very very nice thing. He just moved in only. He just moved in only. He's super on the cover also. So, it takes up time. Give him some time. Oh yeah, correct. Sorry. You are having busy. So I think a lot of people definitely want to get some advice if they can, you know, on the whole process of being a first-time house owner. So it was the most important advice you always give to people who are looking to get that first place. I think being's good enough. Yeah, the idea home. Yeah, the idea home is just a place for us to host our spottings. I just want to add all those things. Because everyone has different opinions about why then I do homeies. For example, we have three easities and one I'm wasting. Then every time I could not just, my house is like, how I would have to rest, very good about the West. Little Björg would have had a very high expectations. The West won this before you know. I hope it has been great listening to the experience of different types of home owners. If you have any questions, you can leave it in the comments section and I hope you enjoyed this episode. Thank you. Bye bye.