 I see R E O Sorry, this one is mine. What do you think of my silent bridge? Little bit hard. You understand right? Little the video without he better check something else. I skipped little the depth comedy school. I'm waiting and I'm on the co-founders of our coffee. Hi, my name is S-A-L-A H-U-D-B-I-N. I do service and prepare food and drinks and cashiering as well. If customer comes, how you communicate with them. So customer will write and point at the menu and our write with PAD iPad your team schedule. Little bit. Wow, DIN is death. We also have James with autism and Joshua with Mao Intellectual Disability. If there's no DIN, they will take a longer time to do things. Here is the one that would push them to do faster and to meet timing. For YouTube Island, the alphabet sign. Then other stuff is either he or Pauline teach. But we will make you feel very, very angry. It's more of the things in the cafe which they forgot how to do and then you'll just be more patient to teach them again repeatedly. Sometimes people with special needs do get anxious easily because of sudden changes in environment or if you try to show them in an unexpected situation. So that's the thing with working with my supervisors. They are very very patient people and that's why I also need to come here and tell them they have to share with me and not just keep quiet to themselves. They also didn't want me to worry about it. He put me quite a few skills like cutting skills when you're using your life. It's a very kind and caring person and also very encouraging. Were you worried you cannot find job. Hard to find job. With death. So you share with your family that you are the supervisor and then they are feeling injustice. I know how I feel like to not be included in activities with friends and so on and so forth. So if these groups of people in our society are being left out, how can I then create something on the larger scale for other people to also accept them meaningfully into society? We don't put up signs to say that we have people with disabilities because I also want to manage any customers that come along the way. I think that's part of the job that we all want to do regardless of disabilities. you