 Your bones are brittle, you should not climb. A lot of people will tell you that 67 is dangerous. When I reach the top, I have lots of clats and then they will... They are all tell them... Almost every gym that I go, they know I'm anti-dolli. I don't mind that because I think anti-is safer or with the... When I was in my early 50s, I was having a back problem. She saw me doing stretching. And then she said, since you're stretching, why don't you go and stretch on the wall? She taught me the way to climb. Very fierce. Very fierce. Very fierce. Anything wrong with it? Not that late! Sometimes she said you were like an elephant on the wall. When I started, I had high forebears. I tried not to look down. I looked up. I was worried like my mom might fall like spread virus, hit head I think that was my worst fear But once she got the certain heart I'm like okay pay me one million dollars before I let you down then if I don't finish you won't let me down When you reach the top you find that you have accomplished something I learned to be more confident and you know I don't have bad eggs. It also overcomes my high-fobia. Right now, any hanging bridge you gave me, no problem. My first climb to outdoor was in Taiwan. You don't feel like you're climbing that high up. You find that old scenery is so nice. I was very fortunate I have put friends around that climbs with me so I brought my mum along now they go on holidays they go without me When I hang out or climb with her friends I don't think I am any older than them you can do it I can do it I learned from my auntie, Dolly, is that I have a towel on my harness and bedroom slippers on my like-clive so that my feet don't get dirty. I think she become socially younger. I know not many young ones think that the old ones are worth mixing with. They find their naggy but her friends are all very sweet. They are always eager there to help you. I miss lowly, slowly slowed down but I will not give up. In fact, I come with two senior climbers. Both are older than me. It's a matter of you stepping out of your comfort zone or name. Yeah, I think anyone can climb. I'm 18 and if I can climb, anyone can climb. She doesn't look to crush the hardest route. But also to support people when they climb. She pushes boundary. I'm proud of my mother. It's the first time I hear from her that she look out for me