 I don't know how we displayed our own signs of aggression. Maybe we take up a textbook. We eat in your places. Hi, I'm Hafiz. Hi, I'm Gabe. Hi, I'm Brian. I'm Leah. This is Zula. Chick-Chats. Okay, so in today's episode of Chick-Chats we will be talking about Boy School culture Okay, before we start, this tells us which school you guys are from Okay, so I was from Raffles, institution from 7264, today I was my boy, not all of us But it was my boy school period I was from San Michael's primary school, now known as San Joseph's Junior Then after that I went on to Tomo S. Check I went to San Francisco for primary school I went to San Pat's, otherwise known as San Patrick's school for four years in secondary school I was like, I was eating boys then I didn't have girls to disturb me thing for mixed schools where there are girls but I see for how boys school we used to get like public killing everyday like not everybody like like those in me Oh my god. They don't have any cases of like bullying in school. I was the bully. Okay. Okay, like I didn't concept bullying. Essentially it was just my girlfriend's we didn't bully anyone. I don't know I, I think it's a big group thing. I just like, I think this guy looks funny or something. They are my friends. Like guys, you know this guy, he's, he's back straight. He's degree 1,000 degrees. Okay, okay. Then everybody will rush to this person's flat right. Let's dance this friend and see them in coin. Okay. Okay. That made them. It's so mean how he has finished bullying. It's a bullying. Okay, but I'm just gonna say what you're similar to what I gave it's just... Okay, what what what? So it's just the dynamics of a group of friends when something funny happens or when someone say something funny then we just like... attack the person. Okay, okay. Then the person can still be one of our friends. Is it when normal to have fight change too? In my school too. Mine is like every day there was a fight. So the most epic one right. And this was like a police case. Oh my god. There was these two friends who they were having a conversation doing reset and then his friend apparently said that his girlfriend is very ugly. So he got married and he went out that he took his fork and he stayed. So he became known as like your fork stammer. The friend that got sitting on the head. Yeah, then the friend went out with her, apparently, there were four dots on the hip. Yeah, I was like, oh my, it's only... I was keeping the right position. What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? So, like, what's spread naturally? Then, our principal told us during the assembly, said, if there are new reporters outside the school, please don't talk to anybody, but everyone spoke to us. Oh my god! We all have like, crushes on female their female teachers. Definitely. Yeah. Very normal for me. Okay. Especially because from all boys who are right. There are no females around except the teachers. Yeah. Because I see these teachers all the time and what they care themselves in a swimming way. That makes me a little bit more attracted to characters like that in other girls. I wouldn't say like a serious oh my god man. I love you I'm sorry, he didn't say that Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry But actually he was like, did he intentionally... Actually, it's sexual harassment, eh? You're gonna be a bomb, right? So there's one time, there was this really sea-search The class she had to really for a very rowdy class And basically, like, they took off their shirts And it started doing this around her Oh my god I'll be telling her about it in her position I don't know if it's sexual harassment or what, serial index case I think, like, especially now, if it's in 2019 context, it's definitely sexual harassment. I guess it was... I guess it was... Is that any ranking between the boys? Do you all have a particular personal opinion about the school? Do you like this school? Do you like this school? I think for me, for our boys, I think our top rivals would be cat high boys. Because firstly, we did the same facility. Every time we see a cat high boy, I don't know how we display our own signs of aggression. we take up a textbook We eat in your face so yeah, it's like something about high points I think it's also because time I've seen this before Honestly, I did not give two shits about the academic ranking. But for some reason, I don't know why we always dislike SGI. Like always felt like SGI was like the nerdyer and cool version of us. Eventually we'll go there because after we were like brother school. You mentioned something about like what the Zempet boys would go to don't know where to see the KC girls. What was that you You said? Yeah, so basically after school everyday, right? There were a few like hot spots where Sampex boys would go to like look at SAC girls or like KC girls. So we always would go to like SIGMex or like the Marine Par that market era. S.G. I... The nearest school to us literally like, like, 500 meters down to S.G.S. What I've heard is that all the some of the younger boys used to walk over the S.G.S. and they try to pick inside. But I think the S.G.S. goes to give them a damn about us. Most of the time if you're not wrong, you'll be the S.G.S. girls with the A.C.S. guys. Got to take that S.G.S. girls around. Okay, it's funny as it is. The hotspot for me, for my friends or at least, was Michelle and I.B. What? What? I think they got quite close to a group of RGS girls and Crescent make for our best GI of being like the gayer school I don't know why Maybe because of the stuff that we do together when we are in school We would strip someone down to his underwear in class But I ran out of the class ends And then this gave him inside a lot below No no, he's our friend Maybe there's five people calling us gay like we know we are not I think maybe it stems from like how close we are as like bros Yeah So like we still wish out as hard like we wish out as we wish us is one of the things that some ask me to ask is that boy school boys are more popular than before people with all these other comments as well I think in Sanfet it's very quite tell there was this guy who posted on his blog that he went on a date with a guy from another school that was like Saturday or something when he posted then after that we can keep it on the Monday right everyone just started like shouting at him like hey gay gay then like we were to show the show We didn't have a wedding party I don't want to say every recess there are days where we have to really eat because we are hungry right? I wasn't one of the soccer clips. So you know for like playing soccer? So the other concept right is that boy school boys are very rich. My perception is that like all boys school for example like ACS, Austin Andrews, other rich ones. Okay, then San Pat's like no lah. I think for alright maybe because like it's the branding no. I put that image of an alright boy that they poach it. They like to push out it. Y'all are very pre-proper. So like my come across as coming from a rich family or well keep a ground lah. Even though like they are people who are very rich and stuff but I think at that end of the day I don't know why people see that something about welfare assistance for the more under-privileged kids. No doubt I have to say that some of us come from an above average household. Even in school right, they teach us to be independent of our parents, especially in terms of finances. So as much as I came from an above average household right, I was actually some poor dog. I was living like day to day on the shoulders of a mother-gmi. Maybe because we are in independent school. The more wealthier parents are more willing to spend a little bit more money to send their child to get some all girls on board school. People are still going to board school boys out like very more elite. I think it would be a lot from the RIS also. Because RIS also is very elite school. I think at the end of the day it would be both down to who you are as a person. I think I was like what school you come from and also the kind of friends you mix with. For me, I couldn't really experience any of these like, pretentious, nature, or the elite mindset. All the perceptions are created by our parents' generation. Then they just like pass down to us to check that's why we think. Looking back at your younger self, do you have any advice for yourself or advice for people who are currently in a boy school? Don't take out your clothes. I think for a boy school at least, sometimes we might get too carried away in terms of like having too much fun in your friends. But I think we still have to take note of how important a catamix actually is. It's not something that you can just throw away. But instead use your dynamics as a bros group to encourage each other or push each other. And that's really the influence that we have on one another. I would say it's very strong. It's good to send a candy for maybe an hour and work hard and be yourself, make good friends and That's great, don't discriminate based on your school. So we'll see if you've concluded this episode of Chick-Chatch talking about voice school culture. If you guys are from voice school and you feel like you want to add on to any of the comments that the cars have measured, feel free to leave it in the comments down below. And also let us know what else to talk about next time. And then don't forget to like, share and subscribe. Bye! Bye!