 On behalf of the Government, I would like to put on record our appreciation to everyone who contributed to our COVID fight. Our workers and unions, as well as tripartite partners, who martial resources, road out support and help countless businesses and workers through, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the community, and the beyond the call of duty, many toil selflessly behind the scenes to plan and roll out a multitude of programs and policies, working shoulder to shoulder with the people in private sectors. Our don'tless healthcare workers and many others who operated on the front lines of the crisis, whether it was at our borders or in the foreign worker dormitories, whether it was in our clinics and hospitals or in quarantine facilities. the We are therefore honoured to have a small contingent of our frontline warriors join us in Parliament today. They represent a cross-section of the wider community of individuals who fought bravely on the Covid front lines. Nurses and doctors and other healthcare professionals in the hospitals and in the community. Educators We have a lot of work to do. We just a sampling of all our frontline fighters. So, sir, I'd like to invite the COVID fighters who are here today to please stand. Applause We express a grateful nation's deepest appreciation for your contributions and courage. Your dedication helps Singapore to keep growing through unprecedented and uncertain times. Your acts of duty, sacrifice and care for fellow Singaporeans uplifted our spirits, boosted our confidence and kept all of us safe. So once again, we would like to say a very big thank you to all of you.