 We will therefore refine the processing of work pass application for EP. Currently, in processing EP applications, we assess only the individual related criteria, their qualification, their experience, their salary. Going forward, we will also be looking at three additional factors. They are company related, so not just individual related criteria, but also company related. And the assessment will be carried by, carried out by TAFED, Trapartheid Alliance for Fair and Progressive Employment Practices. First assessment, how strong is the Singaporean core in this company today? Majority of the companies as I mentioned earlier in the same industry have healthy Singaporean core, but they are outliers, significantly weaker than the industry norms. double-week company, weak Singaporean call, weak commitment to nurture Singaporean call, how relevant are the government, the government, the government, the government, the government, the government, the will we be affected? And if the answer is not much, then they are what we call the triple-week company. in Singaporean call, we in commitment at the same time, weak economic linkage and social impact. Mr. Patrick Day has shared his concern regarding these triple week companies, which are our targets for Koso Kutini. At Tafez recommendation, they will be placed on our watch list, not because we are anti-foreigners, but because their behaviour has added to the deepening of local foreign divide in our Singapore workforce. If left unchecked, the sentiment of two-third versus one-third will continue to grow, it will weaken the unity, the creation, and I think eventually the overall competitiveness the expanded. Renewable existing EPs, processing of new EPs application will be affected. Cursing of work-past privilege will have serious consequences on their continued operations and growth in Singapore. So we hope they will take corrective actions, move out of the triple-week list, don't just grow their business here but treat Singaporeans fairly too and help build a stronger Singaporean call in their companies and industries.