 Mr Speaker, let me thank the Minister for the clarifications as well as for clearing the air on this issue. In fact, many of us have received feedback from our residents that are giving comments that every time the Government increases subsidy, the childcare operators will increase their fees. It seems to be corresponding. But I thank the Minister for producing the data as well as the statistics. That is really important. It is still quite tough for the mid-income families. the The other group that I am a little bit concerned with is for the non-working mothers. I think I understand there is a really additional subsidy for non-working mothers if they fulfil their criteria. My take is that currently now, how many of these children who enjoy subsidies are belonging to the non-working mothers? Can we equalise both groups instead of making them apply to this criteria? If you were to put working mothers or non-working mothers aside, how much more increase in subsidies would the government have to bear? Rather to make the working mothers, non-working mothers, going to apply for additional subsidies. Thanks. I thank the member for his questions. Every year, some preschool operators will make some adjustments to their fees. There are many, many operators, private, not-for-profit, as well as MOE kindergartens. So every year there will be some adjustments, whether or not we make adjustments to our subsidies, so that I hope that clears the misunderstanding. And in fact, the vast majority of households earning 12,000 and below ought to see reduction in childcare fees. There are of course some centres, private operators that charge say thousands of dollars in fees and make adjustments in the hundreds of dollars. That is quite a different situation altogether. For the vast majority, they should see a fall in childcare fees from January next year. And as I said, from January 2021, for partner operators, we will bring down the fee caps even further, and thereafter, the anchor operators will see a fall as well. So that is on your first question. The second point is on families with many children. And so apart from looking at total household income, we also look at for families with many dependents and more children in preschool, we will look at it from a per capita basis so that they can get even more support. On non-working mothers, the support provided to them takes into account the fact that because they're working, they will need full-day childcare. And by working mother, we are talking about working two days a week, and that can include the informal sector as well. So there is a degree of flexibility, and in fact, working mother status is conferred if a mother works for two days a week, or roughly 56 hours a month. We do a grand special approval if mothers have caregiving needs for children younger than 24 months, or if they are looking after other dependents. For those who are looking for employment, we make concessions for them and allow them to benefit from the full subsidy. And for those who are non-working mothers, what they can do is they can go for the basic subsidy for full-day childcare, or if not, they are at home with no other caregiving responsibilities other than their young children, then there is the option to go for kindergarten with Kifa subsidies so that half day they get the pedagogical support, the other half day time with the parents, time with family, family bonding time.