 When I was at my peak, I spent most of what I earned. I got nice clothing. I own couple of luxury watches. Really the lowest point of my life. I was homeless and I never tell anyone because I was very embarrassed. I would stay in this coast for a couple of days and I would go to Changi. But I was thinking of question to myself. What can I do to get of creative work. I like to travel. I like images. I shoot everything. I go to the bus stop, public area, just shoot random things. I learnt aesthetics from there. I don't go to film school, but I got lucky. In a way, because I meet the right people. So I met this Japanese boss, Modi, who set me to Japanese construction in Singapore. At that point, I got quite good income because it was hard to penetrate Japanese construction. I never see this kind of amount of money before. Financially, I'm not taught how to save money. My circle of friends, they come for money. They go to parties, they have nice cars and so on. I was influenced by my surroundings. Then I go out to watch Omega's, Rolex. At one point, I was feeling a good life. Life is not a bit of roses. After eight years, Modi passed on. Things get bad. Then, COVID started, right? Everything disrupted, especially the construction area. I was a freelancer about a year plus. Project getting lesser and lesser, so I don't have enough income. I sold everything, I don't have any more cameras. I have just enough money to buy a tent. Then with me, just a small little bag. Remember one time I called my mum. So my mum asked me, hey, why are you? How are you? I said, I'm good. I'm at my friend's place thinking maybe my son is doing quite good, you know, somewhere because I suddenly see my mum. I feel like I'm let down. At that point, I was really very hungry and people next to me, they are barbecuing. That is the saddest part of my life. One day, I feel like I'm let down. At that point I was really very hungry and people next to me are there are bubble queuing. That is the saddest part of my life. One day I feel a pain in my ear. When I close my eyes I can see red, blue, purple, you know. So I didn't know actually that something is happening inside my head. I was watered so I was diagnosed with a stroke. Due my condition, it was very hard for me to apply for a job. When I was hospitalized, I met this social worker who connected me to nowhere. My first impression was that he was a young man. When he spoke to me, he sounded very drove and energetic. He told me not to worry because he went to take on part-time jobs that comes his way. So this is something that I really admire him. When he shared with me his creation, I was able to empathise with him. And I guess that also helped him to move on because he had a listening ear and from there he can work towards getting employment. Most of my life, I'm alone now. I'm on my own. You know, it's like heaven sent when Noel called me because at that time I was quite desperate now. One thing that I noticed is he has grown in terms of his confidence and what I see is along the way he bounce back faster from adversity. With the help of nowhere, I landed a job. So this is actually much needed for me to support myself. The way I describe my life is like a roller coaster because there are a lot of ups and a lot of downs. But you have to be kind to yourself and acknowledge your weakness and have faith. So I accept my situation now. I cannot get back whatever I lost in the past. So what I can do is just look ahead and make my life better. Now I'm looking forward to my coming BTO. I always wanted to have my own home. So I'm very happy and I'm looking forward to be living in that house. My name is Rafi and I'm 51 years old. And I'm doing my best in life.