 We have people who come in and give $2 for a buffet meal. But we also have people who come in and give $50 just for a go-sup. I don't think it really matters how much everyone gives because at the end of the day, if that's all they can afford, that's all they can afford. We always make enough for us to open the next day and continue serving people. My name is Harish. I'm full-time employee at Unleashed Meat. Unleashed Meat is an Indian vegetarian restaurant that functions on a philosophy of Atiti Devo Baba, or guest is God. So if tomorrow God were to come to your house and have a meal, you wouldn't give God a bill at the end of the day. A lot of people, the first thing that comes to mind is it's free food. But we simply do not price our food. We just want to provide home-style food to anyone without them having to worry about the money. Initially when I first started off volunteering here, it really made me very angry and very upset to see people very small amount for his meal and a few days later this guy comes back and he said, I'd like to give back what I owe. You know, it was at that point I really thought to myself, you know, it was so it releases I've been making tosy's now ever since I started in 2016 I'll give All the time. I'm always happy to stand there and correct them. My grandmother and grandfather were one of the first few volunteers to come in. Seeing my grandparents come here and effortlessly serve for nearly 30 years, I kind of caught that spirit, guess. When Unluckshmi first began, it was a group of grandmothers and mothers who came together to help provide the recipes and cook. When people come here and have a meal, it feels like they're being fed by a loved one. There's something really beautiful in being able to give back without expecting anything in return. To serve someone good food and then they look at you and say thank you so much. I've been away from home for so long but today you helped me remember my mother. It's because the volunteers who come here are so involved, are so passionate that I don't think money has ever been a factor for not just me but for any of us who serve here in Anlaksmi.