 People ask me a lot, why don't I just go and become this super high paid lawyer and then donate a lot of money to refugees? It's not like my dream was always to be a hawker, to sell coffee at a hawker centre. I didn't even dream of coffee. The only reason I did this was to create livelihoods for refugees in Thailand. Usually I have to get to the depot shop bar 7 plus 730 litres.. I gotta pick up all the ingredients that Amoy needs for the day like their bread, their coffee beans and load it up into the car and then drive it all to Amoy. If I see like this on the way I'll be like oh, today's loady. You'll wonder like if there will be any customers at all actually coloured by someone different. We try to commission enough stickers every month. So 300 stickers every month works out to 3000. And that is the average price of rent in Outer Bangkok. Actually, before I started Merr, I didn't even drink coffee. Like I was a lawyer and all of my lawyer friends would pull all nighters to drink coffee right. I'm hoping that Maroster creates like a machine that converts the existing consumerism in Singapore into meaningful livelihoods for refugees. I don't want it to always just be aid and donations that are sustaining them. No one wants to queue up for three hours or no one wants to go there and have to prove how poor thing they are to get the bag of rice. Why can't they just get the bag of rice themselves? There's dignity in earning your own living and being able to look after your family yourself. Hi! Thank you so much! People ask me why refugees specifically, right? I think there was a time in my life where I really needed help and I needed someone to speak up for me and to fight for me because I was too weak to do it for myself. At that period of time, I also heard a lot about refugees. It resonated a lot with me, like what they're going through. Because no one would believe their story, no one would help them. And that's why I want to help. I realised that for a lot of them, they don't have the legal right to work. The more pressing need was pay rent, buy food for their children. And I felt that it would be more useful for me to focus my attention on livelihoods. And that's how I ended up as a barrister. Everything okay? I back there for first. Bye bye! Frioche, making process is very long actually. We take around 6 to 8 hours. I mean sometimes I'll think about it. Maybe you just buy from like wholesaler you know, like Delhi France. for you all to film. For me, I'm more of a warrior but I think my dad knows so much so he'll just be like, oh, there's seasons. Whereas for me, I would stress at every... Whenever it's down, I'll just be like, oh my gosh, no. My normal life last time, every lunch I would go to the gym which cost me like, I think maybe 200 a month. After my gym, I would go and buy this $7 chai latte latte and I will be like, wow this $7 is crazy but I will still do it every single day. Yeah, sometimes people ask me if I miss my old job right? I do miss being an employee. If anyone is an employee, stay an employee, don't become an employer. Because I've never experienced living so close to my gym before right? Mentally you're under a lot more uncertainty and that feeling of not knowing if you can cover this mental stress is what the refugees that I work with go through every day of their life. I think one of the reasons that I continue, even though it was a pretty hard time, was okay, we're supporting 11 refugees. If I have to feel like this every day, this like mental stress, I can imagine 11 people have to feel like that without our programs. The only reason I'm still here is because I feel like there's a bigger purpose to this shop. The more cups we sell, the more refugees we can onboard to our program. Every cup matters. Every cup is literally like someone is behind the artwork on your cup and it's their life that you are like helping out.