 On the dating apps, people will... the guys will ask me, oh so you work in the CBD as well? Truthfully, I also work in the CBD. Yeah, the lunch is always very busy in the hawker centre. Then we get to the point where they will finally ask me about my profession and then I will just have to tell them. My name is Face Eye. Good morning. And I run a small coffee store in a more street food centre called Coffee Break. I think my friends in the beginning don't understand why I would settle to be a hawker. The most common comments that I get would be, huh? Can make money meh? Or you so young, people will buy from you meh? This is your full full-time job, your income enough and most times when they find out that I have a bachelor's they'll be like oh so why are you still in our hawker centre? Very deliberately my bachelor's is targeted towards this business. Thank you. So I'm actually a major in marketing. It does help in improving the business like our point of sale system, our staffing system. Before I started as a copy-hocer, I was actually a full-time athlete. So I used to play beach volleyball for Singapore. The pressures of playing on court versus having to deal with a lunchtime slam with a team behind you has many similarities. So usually our lunchtime starts coming at about 12pm. So we're already preparing for war. It's like a battlefield. I have to depend on my teammates. And I have to play to each other's strengths. I'm very vocal and I like the communication. Hot, hot, hot. This is hot. Thank you. So usually I am the frontman because one, I can control my team. Every time it thinks you need to have a tattoo look at it And I also can control the customers who are impatient for their drinks Last time in Beach Royale Ball we were signal like two one, one, you know, behind our backs and it's more efficient. So, same, we also have a lot of short forms in writing our orders because when someone orders a kopekau shu, daikasi, bua shu, you know, you cannot spell out the entire. So you have to shorthand it. to short-handed. We had a customer since my dad's time. When we first started out, he actually told us, say, your coffee actually really sucked from the start. But it's because I believe in your father and I believe in his children. That's why I gave you guys a chance and stuck by you. We were not always good when we first started out and very thankful for regulars who stuck by us. And that's what we need. I do see myself doing this for the rest of my life. I enjoy the service, the rush, the adrenaline that comes every time I work at SLAM. When I'm older, probably my heart cannot take it. But until I cannot, I will keep doing it. you