 One of the hard things that I had to do was I had no idea how to change a diaper. I had to learn that all by myself. At the point of time, I was just focused on how do I keep this baby alive. Hello! Nice to meet you, Marnam. Hi, I'm Shaina. Nice to meet you. What's your name? Vanessa, what's your name? Shaina. I'm Alisa. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. How old are you this year? I'm 22 this year. Oh, so I'm younger. How old are you, 21? Yeah, 21 this year. So how old were you when you found out that you were pregnant? I was 17 years old when I found out I was pregnant. I was still in school. 17, so you were in... 40. Do you still remember the moment when you found out? Yes, I remember. I was in my roommate's bathroom. I was already living alone by the time I found out I was pregnant. And then I took the test and I called her in and I was just telling her,... And then we just looked at it at the same time and we were just freaking out. So I did that first with my stepfather and he broke down crying. He actually blamed himself. He said that if he stayed for the family or like if he had been a better father and I just I don't know how to feel because I've never seen him vulnerable. This is like an Asian dad crying and it was just like a a rare sight and even though we're not blood related he's always out there looking for me all the time. So when I booked the news to my mom that was ugly. or you're living in sin and you're forcing me to marry this guy. And at that point of time, I knew this guy was abusive and I knew for a fact that this marriage will never work out. But I went along anyway because it got really ugly to a point where they threatened my stepfather's like, work, his job and I didn't want him to suffer. So I got married at 17. Even though I was married, I was basically a single mom because I was doing things on my own financially. I was the main caregiver for my daughter as well. So everything was just on me. How did you manage to find the courage to leave your toxic marriage? I've always had that want and it was just more of like the right time and I wasn't 21 back then so a lot of the laws were not on my side especially it's like I couldn't rent a place. I would have to live in a shelter if I didn't get married and all that. Has the thought of abortion ever crossed your mind? How was the nine months? Like from the day you found out all the way? Not easy. I still continued school. So I went to school pregnant. I remember they had to like actually put me in a separate room because I was already new for birth. And I still had to take exams. Oh my god. So yeah, I went to school with my big ass belly and then like I was working six jobs so freelance and then I also did like a telecom. And I was taking up a of odd jobs basically, just to kind of like make ends meet. The whole motivating factor for it was like, I want my daughter to be proud of me. Like, oh my god, that's my mom. My mom did that. My mom did that. Yeah. And if I can do that, she can do better. You know, that kind of thing. I want my daughter to be able to feel like that. What was the hardest part about being a mum at 70, like when you were so young? At the point of time, I was just focused on how do I keep this baby alive. Like, I check on her every single hour and I was just, you know, I feel like I suck. I'm failing all the time. It's like sleepless nights regardless whether I was feeding her or not because even when I'm not feeding her, I like checking on her like I used to breathing and maybe that's like mom anxiety or something and like a new mom's anxiety I wasn't really focused on my tiredness I was just trying to be a mom. For me like I was raised by a single parent as And that's such a bad if you kind of look at it because I didn't give myself space to feel. I And she was also like, I don't know of feelings right now. I know, I have a rush of... So when you say make room for love, it's always about loving yourself. And then when your daughter sees that in you, she'll do it for herself. There was one time I had this conversation with my best friend. I was worried that you know why she grows up and she ends up like me and she said, why is that a bad thing? I don't really know how to answer this because if I were to say, oh, I don't want her to end up like me, it's like shaming myself as well. For me, it's like I always tell myself that my love is bigger than my fears and that's where you find courage and that's how your daughter is going to have also? I go back with my child. So mom guilt. Yeah, kind of mom guilt, you know. I get what you mean. But I mean, personally, it's like I've been through the whole mom guilt thing. You should like don't care about mom guilt. Because I mean, I know it's really hard. You need to put yourself first. Because it's like you'll go crazy and you don't want to lose yourself while you're taking care of your kids, right? What do you do to make you happy? What I do... Cook? Bang? You love to cook? Yes! What was your dreams and aspirations before you became a mom? FME. I was actually working under FME. Oh okay. So I love like in that sector. You know, get to meet people, you get to cook. Maybe one day, make it as a FME like home business. Then like another thing would be like maybe social work. Social work? Okay. Do you not have enough crazy in your life? I was like, that's the last thing ever. I'm sorry, I became a mom. It's like, no. I do feel like also the stereotype of single teen mum just... I feel like people tend to categorise these sort of people as very very promiscuous very careless Have you ever had these sort of encounters before? Oh all the time I'm telling you like when I was single I had guys telling me like oh you're just good to You just yeah, you're just good for a for a for a night. They were like saying, oh, you're at the bottom of the chain. You're literally a single teen Malay mom. And they were like saying, no one's going to ever marry you. But it's like everyone has a different starting line. And single moms might be at the back because everyone else is like at the front and It's not a race. It's just a journey So I really don't care about what they want to say about whether I'm promiscuous or not It's like as long as I continue to improve myself I continue to help the people around me and the people who also has gone through the same thing as me What's your daughter's name? you through the toughest days, even up till now? I have alone time. I mean, after everything that you went through with Amelia, do you still want more kids? I eventually did find love. I met my husband now. He has to be the best of the best. Because I'm traumatised, so my expectation is always there. He exceeded all of it. And he's like Shrek. Did you watch Shrek? Yeah! I love Shrek! Okay. Like, okay, he's grumpy as hell but he's really like... He came to the right person. I don't know, he looks wise. Looks wise. Wait, why? He looks like Shrek. No, no, no. Looks wise he's a fan but like, his personality is is trash. Okay? And yeah, he's been very supportive. I was emotional and he was always trying to be present and there for me all the time. And he's not afraid to change diapers. I mean, I know, again, bare minimum. But he's really out putting himself out there. He's really putting in a lot, a lot of effort. So I have another son now, he's four months old. His name is Michael. And Amelia has been a very protective sister. Like, literally would smack you if you take her brother away. So cute! I don't know about the cute part, but she will literally look at you up to up down. Are you worthy of my brother? She's very protective like that. Was there any difficulty in introducing her to your new partner at the beginning? Usually she don't like people but when I first introduced my then boyfriend to her now husband, she immediately warmed up. She was... When she was around him, she was just... I don't know, she feels very safe to just be herself. I mean, it was on her own initiative to call her Papa. After we started dating a few months. Currently my dad is trying to talk to me. He's not been in my life for about 15 years. So, you know, he'll occasionally send me messages asking me how I am, but I normally ignore them. Would you want your daughter to maintain a relationship with her, he's got to learn how to love that girl. Because you left that little girl. So now you have to wait until she's old enough for her to be able to stand up on her own and make her own choices. Again, it's my daughter's choice. I wouldn't want to impose that on her, but at least for this age, it's like I need to make the middle name like Jake. Oh. Because she's precious as a gem. So cute. Yeah. What's the best part of being a mum? Best part being a mum. Being with her, seeing her growth. Just yesterday. Like the teacher just called me up for a various teacher meeting and she was like telling me, you know, there was a girl she's very loving and caring. Her friend fall down, she just hugged. So it's like I felt very, very happy with her. Yeah. Do you feel the most happiest when you're with your kid? Yes, most of the time. It's like... Jackets. It's happy and then stressed and then happy. I mean the best thing that I really love to do with her is just listening to her talk. And I just love to see how her tiny brain just works. You know, it's just like the different phases of Are you happy now? Definitely. I mean, I've been through hell and bad. And I've always been happy. It was just like how you look at it, I guess. I find happiness within myself and I hope my kids will do that for their stuff as well. Oh my god so cute! This is the cutest age ever. Bye! I mean he loves Fiona. Yeah, like, obsessed. So basically that kind of love. Yeah, I'm sorry.