 She was like, Afika, do you want to see a surprise? And she did this, it was good. And then she said, look underneath. I looked, it was a massacre down there. It was just blood all the way. Hi! Nothing suspicious, okay? We'll just link video games. After a while, I went to the toilet lah, just to do normal toilet stuff. Then I realised, oh need to change my pad. So I just, you know, I started changing my pad. You know how girls like the pad, they will take the pad and then they will like wrap it in toilet paper, then they will throw it away. So I had my little pad in toilet paper ball, just I was holding it, then I looked around. And I was like, there's no bin here. There's no dustbin anywhere inside. In my head I was like this guy has a surround sound gaming system He has a walking wardrobe, but he doesn't have a dustbin in his toilet and then he's like outside He's like I don't want to tell him that I have nowhere to throw my pet So I really sat in there for 10 minutes trying to figure out what to do and then eventually somehow somewhere I got a plastic bag and I stuffed it in my plastic bag and then I tied it up and then I like shoved it in my pocket Then I was like I came out of the toilet and I was like Haha I need to go home now Then I was like what? Then I was like Bye! Then I YouTubeed myself out of there If you are a male viewer, you are watching this video and you are male Can you tell me, do you have a dustbin in your toilet? Like, I'm perplexed. I was staying over at my current fiancée's place. So at that time, he was my boyfriend and I stained his bed. His mum is the one that dusts the laundry. He knows how to change it but the laundry is all her because you know, old people have their own way of doing laundry, right? So, Bopian had to go through her. My now mother-in-law, she changed my BS sheet with my blood but she didn't judge me or anything. She just said, oh okay then she just like changed. So like she was really really nice about it. I wanted to die. TLDR. I stayed in my boyfriend's bed. I was so traumatised by it, I can even remember the exact date. It was New Year's Day, the first of January. We were sleeping. And then I woke up because I felt like my down there wet. And then I was like, shit, did I wet the bed? Then I looked like blood lah. Blast right, it wasn't like a small red dot. It was... Then my boyfriend's house, the sink is outside the toilet. Not in the toilet. So I cannot close the door. So I was in the kitchen, openly scrubbing my bloodstain bag sheets. And then his mum walked out of her room. She opened the door. Then she very happily told me, Good morning, Charmin. Then I was like, Good morning, Aunty. Then she, what happened? Then I was like, I stained access bed lah. Oh, an overseas trip with my classmates. Like the P5 overseas trip. And it was to Nanjing China. And it was my first time away from my parents alone, together with my friends. Then on the day itself, when I got on the school bus, I fell asleep. And the next thing I knew from one part of Singapore, all the the way to Changi Airport, my whole pants right when I woke up right, it was a blood bath. It was just red and I was like, Oh my god why are you there? Just get to see what's up there. What the heck is going on? Then I realized, oh shit it's my period when I stood up right, I felt so bad because I got the blood stain on the... on the bus seat. It's not the leather kind you know where you can just use use wet tissue to wipe. It's the cushion kind, you know, where it will soak up. Then I think I tried to take some tissues or whatnot. I really tried to wipe whatever I could. That took the cake, then run to the toilet, then throw away all the tissues, then went in the cubicle, I took out my jeans and I looked back and I was like, Oh my god, this is like a blood bath. It was so disgusting. It was like one of my heavier spirits. I don't know why. For a P5 girl, I was like 11. Why did so much blood come out of me? I took the video, then I sprayed, I sprayed water. Or I took some wet tissue. I really go and spray. Then I go and churn my jeans out in the toilet bowl to make sure everything was dry. Obviously I cannot walk out of the cubicle. Like half naked right. So I think I wore back my jeans and then you know the hand dryer I just stood under there and I just keep putting my hand there so that it knows that they can sensor my hand. Then I stand there and let my jeans dry. With my butt like that. Then move the hand dryer just dry my jeans. And then I went back to meet my classmates. I think nothing happened. I don't have any specific period horror stories but every time I sneeze during my period, it's just like a... Niagara Falls. Just the latest period I had. Somebody made me laugh damn hard and I was like, hahahaha. In secondary school, my school uniform was all white. Which is a recipe for disaster especially when you are a girl going through puberty and then you don't know how to handle yourself. It was a beautiful, um, assembly morning. I did not wear a pad that was like long enough to cover my ass. You know, the kind of pad right? It's like, I think when you are a young girl, you always try to wear that kind of pad. Cause you know, you will active or like you sit down that kind of thing then you will leak at the back right? One day I just didn't wear that kind of pad. I stood up it was like the Japan flag. Wah, I remember my mother used to say, wow, white uniform, damn troublesome. Very, very easy stain. And you know what? That's exactly what happened. It was a Saturday some more. That day just happened, we had to go back to school for some school anniversary celebration or something. So can you imagine, the whole freaking school is in the auditorium. And then there was a point in time where I think the guests of honour or some important person walked into the building, then everyone had to stand to clap. The moment I stand, my costumate from the break she turned to me, then she... Oh my god, your skirt got stained. I'm like, no lah, no lah. I think you're trolling me lah. Then she... No, no, no, no. I'm damn serious. Then I'm like... The worst part is in front of the few rows of people that were behind me.? I still need to like run to the nearest toilet Which is freaking far by the way And then I had to like explain to my teachers like... Cause some important person talking in front of me You imagine like this child trying to run off from the back And she's like can you like sit down just like that person talk to you She's like no no no no you don't understand I got sick of it right now out. I mean, at that point in time, it's not possible to hide it from anybody. But also like, you're 13 and like, nobody recays. So when I remember I need to go to toilet and then it was quite packed. So there's only like one cubicle left. Then when I went in, I was like... What at least smells so funny. So I looked over. The bin was full with pad. And then you can see right, some pad is not even wrapped with the tissue paper you know. But you can see the red spot and the black stuff. Yeah lah, then it was then closed lah. It's like stacked and you cannot close. And on top of that right, it's still got one pamper you know. And it's soaked. When I talk about this, I still remember the smell of the bamboo but... A horror story I would say is when I was in the toilet, changing my pad. So there are like period panties where the material is a bit like silicone-ish. Because of that material, it's very loud when you remove the pad. So I could hear my seniors outside laughing at me when I was changing my pad. Wah, this girl changed your pad so loud. The whole world also know. So I felt very embarrassed at that point of time to be called out in a sense for changing my pad so loudly. So I think I waited in the toilet for about 10 minutes and I was very cautious when I left because I wanted to make sure that they went back all the way to their classroom before I even leave the toilet. Just in case, I don't know, maybe they wait for me outside to see who is this girl changing your pet so loudly I can't control the sound just changing my pet and like you're so menstruate right like I've been in a girl's school for 10 years so that means all things periods are super normalised sometimes and across the room I say anybody got a pet they were just tossed across and it's totally So in side 3, we were having assembly and we were in the hall. And I was sat beside this girl and she was known to be very rebellious. And she'll always be like, you wanna fight? You wanna fight ah? And I was really, I was kinda scared of her. But she was friendly to me. And I wanted it to stay that way. It was a really boring assembly. And she tapped on my back. She was like, Africa! Do you wanna see a surprise? First of all, this assembly is really boring. I would love to see a surprise. Second of all, I don't want to piss up also. I just said, Yes, sure! Then she did this to her skirt and then she said, Look underneath. And I was just so bored and brain-dead from the assembly. I just, okay, I look... It was a massacre down there. It was just blood all the way. It's not like she leaked or anything. She was free bleeding. Free bleeding from her young heart's panties. We were like sitting crisscross right? And then she just dragged her butt on the floor. And she left a bloody snail trail on the ground. And I did not know how to react. I was just staring at the trail. I just didn't know what to say. I felt like if I say, what are you doing? She's gonna beat me up. If I pointed it out, I would embarrass her. So I did not know what to say. I just like... Great. Go scooting.