 Your bones are brittle, you should not climb. A lot of people will tell you at 67, it's dangerous. When I reach the top, I have lots of claps and then they will... They'll tell them, shh! Almost every gym that I go, they know I'm Auntie Dolly. I don't mind that because I think Auntie is a stator of wisdom. Very fierce. Very fierce. Very fierce. Anything wrong with it? Not that late! Sometimes she said, you're like an elephant on the wall. When I started, I had high phobia. I tried not to look down. I looked up. I was worried like my mum might fall like scrap bar is hit the head. I think that was my worst fear. But once she got the sudden high, I'm like, okay, pay me one million dollars before I let you down. And if I don't finish, she won't let me down. When you reach the top, you find that you have accomplished something. I learned to be more confident and till now I don't have bad eggs. It also overcomes my hyphobia. Right now, any hanging bridge will give me no problem. My first climb to outdoor was in Taiwan. You don't feel like you're climbing that high up. You find that the scenery is all nice. I was very fortunate I have good friends around that climbs with me. So I brought my mum along. Now they go on holidays, they go without me. When I hang out or climb with her friends, I don't think I am any older than them. You can do it, I can do it also. One thing I learnt from Aunty Dolly is I have a towel on my harness and bedroom slippers when I climb so that my feet don't get dirty. I think she becomes socially younger. I know not many young ones think that the old ones are worth mixing with. They find they are naggy, but her friends are all very sweet. They are always eager to help you. I may slowly, slowly slow down, but I will not give up. In fact, I come with two senior climbers. Both are older than me. It's a matter of you stepping out of your comfort zone only. Yeah, I think anyone can climb. I'm 80 and if I can climb, anyone can climb. She doesn't look to crush the hardest route, but also to support people when they climb. She pushes boundaries. I'm proud of my mother. It's the first time I hear from her that she looks out to me.