 I see some people in the toilet searching for where's the senses. I will stand beside him on the next basin and then I just... There. Water coming out. Oh, magic. There. There. Oh! All these are surprise. You want to open up? I'm Priman. I'm not the king of toilets. So what are you? Well, I'm an R&D manager overseeing all the designs for different fittings in the toilet all the way to manufacturing. This is not my favourite seat but this seems very comfortable to me. What you call the yapping? So every shopping centre, I would like to visit the toilet and then I'll see how the product performs. I look at one thing, wow, very interesting, there I will stay there and watch. But you also expert at uncroaking toilet? Wow, actually you don't use this ah. You just wrap the bowl at tight and then you'll flush. So there will be a treasure suction around 26 other countries in the world Some people actually don't know that Riga is a Singapore brand They thought that it's an international brand So it really makes me quite plop Once you go to Chiang airport, please visit the toilets So you can see our sensor panel with a smiley face That is to welcome our visitor from overseas Riga also have smart toilets in exponent Our system actually collects the usage of how much water is being consumed Even in the toilet row where it's empty, there's an alert sent out to a cleaner mobile to tell them to top up to make their job easier Well in the past, manufacturing sector, you manufacture a lot but there's not much technology being put in Nowadays, we're talking about smart nations in Singapore especially We have to apply a lot of technologies That's why you see a lot of young engineers like to join Regal's Just because they are being excited by all these technologies And they really want to apply their skill sets into developing new products Since we are in the toilet business right, so Regal is a company that gives a lot of toilet breaks. So you can spend the whole day inside the toilet. Nobody will complain.