 The girl was asking the father why the guy is so short. The usual questions that kids will ask out of curiosity. This is why you normally hear on the street? Yes. It's good that five. I realised my classmates, their body proportions were different from me. My legs and my hands were shorter, my head was bigger. They started to mock at me in terms of why your head is so big. It did kind of really, really me. Why can't I lead a normal life? Does my head affect you? Why that comment, why that question and stuff? One of the biggest struggles I face every day is not able to reach things of a certain height that a normal person can do. So, for example, at home, I will have to use a stool to reach something that is higher than me. But also, it trains me to find creative ways to overcome my problems. whether it's my parents born like that. That's why I'm like that. I don't blame them for asking because I'm more than happy at the age of four. I always blame my condition for affecting my learning abilities. I had to work harder than anyone else. It affected my level of confidence to achieve certain goals. The change happened when I found my passion in photography. When I was graciously accepted in a film school, the lecturers, they accept me for who I am and no special treatment is given to me. I do not want to be treated specially anymore. I have been pursuing photography as a passion because I found joy in capturing beautiful moments of people. Pass the joy over to someone else that they feel even motivated after a long week of work. I feel very encouraged. Even though sometimes they don't say it, but you know that you have done your part. Even through a photo or through a conversation, through a word. I've gone through a lot in terms of growing in my childhood. I don't want others to feel the same. I feel that the people who are born with this medical condition and to Plansia are being shelf away. They are still being spoken about. Hence this was my purpose and motivation to come out and to share about this condition. One thing I will tell my younger self is to not to allow other people's comments, feedback, affect me. Take the step forward to understand myself better and to have the confidence in myself.