 I was told that I'm being ignorant like every time they tried to call my name I did not respond I feel confused And the moment I was diagnosed with moderate hearing loss I did ask myself a lot Is this the was always there for me to pursue my passion. When I was younger, I actually wanted to be a nurse because I was brought up by my single mother. So whenever I've witnessed my mum fall sick when I was younger, I feel so helpless and didn't know what to do. So at the point of time, I keep telling my mum I promise my mum, you know what, I'm going to be a nurse one day so that whenever I fell sick, I know what to do next. Because of my promise to my mum that kids be going. As a new hearing aid user, you tend to hear all the background noises that you haven't been hearing for the past 20 years. Sometimes the hospital environment can be very loud. I'll be scanning and there's a beep sound. Then at the same time, there's another beep sound from the toilet call and the phone call at the same time. It's very overwhelming. I can hear all kinds of sounds, like all come together. So far from my experience, my patients will not even know that I have hearing issues until I actually told them. So it doesn't affect my performance and skills. Most of them cannot see unless you are right beside me. Because it's just a transparent building hanging around my ear. Especially for cancer patients, after receiving the chemotherapy, they will be prone to fall. So it's very important for nurses like us to have a good sharing skills. We have to be very alert. So far so good. Then your ma pi is still there. A little bit. The doctor declared that she has to be in palliative, like feel as comfortable as possible before the end of life. So because of that, I actually went back to Malaysia just to look after my mum, being a full-time caregiver. It's scary to go through the process by yourself. She said that if I'm not around, she will have died in the hospital instead of at home, which is something that she didn't want to. I was able to take care of her until her last day. I slept with her until her last breath. Because her last words to me was, I feel safe with you. I've seen my mum pass on, I actually switched to medical oncology because it's related to my mum's case and I would like to provide the best utmost comfort care for the same situation as my mum. you