 I don't know how we display our own signs of aggression. Maybe we take out a textbook. Read in your basis. Hi, I'm Hafeez. Hi, I'm Gabe. Hi, I'm Brian. Hi, I'm Leah. This is Zula ChickChats! This is from... Talking about the experiences that you guys had going to a boys' school. Hafeez, maybe you can start off with you. You know why? Because you came from a co-ed school first and then you went into a boys' school. So how was that like for you? For me, it was quite a game changer. Because back in my school, I was still very shy. I remember some girls used to bully me that time. So I was eating food and then they took my fork and ran away. I couldn't eat. So when I went to secondary school, it was all boys. Then I didn't have girls to disturb me or bully me. Okay, you're right first. To be honest, when you think of it, you would think it would just be a bunch of nerds or people who just want to study. But yeah, the friends that I mixed with were mostly quite rowdy. Then maybe that's why I'm like this now. But it was an interesting change. What you guys? It's just a similar experience. Like the boys school is very rowdy. Because this is what I think of boys school. We would get up to a lot of nonsense. Like you know, like play pranks on teachers, each other. We'll find... Like you go through the highs and lows altogether. So I don't know if it's like a thing for mixed schools where there are girls but it's for an all-boys school we used to get public kending every day. Not everybody lah. Like those that missed me. Oh my god. Yeah. Do you have any cases of bullying in school? I was the bully. Okay. I didn't consider bullying. Essentially it was just my girlfriends. We didn't bully anyone. I don't know, I think it's a big group thing. I just like think this guy looks funny or something. Then I'll tell my friends. Like guys, you know this guy, he's back straight. He's degree 1000 degrees. Then everybody will rush to this person's class right. Then I'll see if I can see, then we call him our... Okay. It's so mean! How can you not say this? It's a bullying! Okay lah, but I understand what you're trying to say. It's like you just making fun of that kind of thing. But then ultimately... I mean, technically speaking, it is bullying. Yeah, it's like... I think at the time, we were all like boys and childish. We didn't know better. I think for me and my group of friends, it's very similar to what Gif is just... Oh, okay, okay. What? What? So it's just the dynamics of a group. When something funny happens, or when someone says something funny, then we just attack the person. And the person can still be one of our friends. Is it very normal to have fight chains too? In my school? Mine is like, everyday there was a fight. So the most epic one right, and this was like a Buddhist case. Oh my god. There was these two friends, so they were having a conversation doing recess. And then his friend apparently said that his girlfriend is very ugly. So he got very angry and growled up. That he took his fork and he's like... He's a bully story! Yeah, yeah, yeah. So he became known as the Fox Tabber. The friend that gave it to him. Yeah, yeah. Then the friend went to the hospital. Apparently he had like 4 dogs on the head. It's the friend of the 4. He's quite a solid kid. I'll skim your own questions. What the fuck? What the fuck? So like word spread naturally. Then our principal told us during the exam, he said, If there are news reporters outside the school, please don't talk to anybody but everyone spoke to the reporters. Oh my god! Oh my god, oh no sorry sorry. But actually he was like, did he intentionally? Actually it's sexual harassment eh. If you think about this. Oh god! So there was one time there was this really teacher. The class she had to really was a very rowdy class. And basically like they took off their shirts and they started doing this around her. I would be terrified if I was in her position. I don't know if it's like sexual harassment or what's in that case. Yeah,'s in a 2019 context, it's definitely sexual harassment. Yeah, 10 years ago it was still sexual harassment. It was. Not that it was overlooked. It was... I guess it was overlooked also. So, is there any ranking between the boys' school? Or do you all have a particular personal notion of any other school? Do you like this school? You don't like this school? That kind of thing? I think for me, for our high boys, because I think our top rivals would be Catholic cat high boys. Okay. Because firstly, we are within the same vicinity. Every time we see a cat high boy or what, I don't know how we display our own signs of aggression. Maybe we take out a textbook. Read in your basis. But it's like... Something about high voice, I think it's also because they don't have long pants. Once you reach sexual, that is something that we always internally disturb them about. Like, eh, what so? Looks so hairy, still wear shorts and that kind of thing. But it's all just mindless banter amongst ourselves. Sometimes when I see R.I. boys, I think these people just take our uniform but then put R.I. badge. Oh my god! I think for Samfats right, we honestly did not give two shits about the academic ranking. But for some reason, I don't know why we always dislike SGI. Yeah, we always felt like SGI were like the nerdy and uncool version of us. The second rank, 10th rank. Eventually we outgrew that lah because after all we were like brothers school. You mentioned something about like what the Zempads boys would go to don't know where to see the KC girls. What was that you said? So basically after school everyday, there were a few hot spots where Sampex boys would go to look at SAC girls or KC girls. So we always would go to SAC Max or Marine Parade or Marine Parade in parade market area. SGI, the nearest code to us like literally like 5... like 5 metres down is SCGS. What I've heard is that some of the younger boys used to walk over the SCGS and they try to peek inside. But I think the SCGS girls didn't give a damn about us. Most of the time if I'm not wrong, you'll be the SCGS girls with the ACS guys. Got it, the RGS girls. Okay, it's funny as it is. The hotspot for me, for my friends at least was Bishan Library. What? I think they got quite close to a group of RGS girls and Crescent or Sita girls also. So what they would do is have style sessions after school. We move on to maybe talking about like some misconceptions or assumptions people have about boys' school boys. Yeah, and then actually one of them was because we did that episode on the girl's school culture right and then everybody was like, oh all girls school girls are lesbian. That kind of thing. Is it the opposite for guys today? People have assumptions that all of y'all are gay. I think there's definitely like a percentage in Sam Pets like but we always used to make fun of SGI of being like the gayest school. I don't know why. Maybe because of the stuff that we do together when we are in school. We would strip someone down to his underwear in class. Right, right after class ends. And then just give him his underwear down below. No, no, but it's as if he's our friend. Maybe that's why people call us gay. Like we know we are not. I think maybe it stems from like how close we are as like bros. Yeah, yeah. So like we still owe each other's house. Like what each other's is. One of the things that someone asked me to ask was that Boy's school boys like homophobic that people would always have comments as well. I think in Samfax it's very quite childish. There was this guy who posted on his blog that he went on a date with a guy from another school. That was like a Saturday or something when he posted. Then after that weekend he came back on the Monday right. Everyone just started shouting at him like, What is the same ask you all to play soccer every recess. I wanna say every recess. There are days when we have to really eat. Because we're very hungry. I wasn't one of the soccer clique. Sampeh's is the soccer school. Oh is it? So we are known for playing soccer. So not only misconception, right? It's that boys' school boys are very rich. My perception is that all boys' schools, for example, ACS or St Andrews are the rich ones. Okay, yeah, then Sam Pets like no lah. I think for R1 maybe because like it's the branding. How do you put that? That image of an R1 boy that they portray or they like to push out is y'all someone who's very pretty, very proper. So like might come across as coming from a rich family or wealthy background lah. Even though like there are people who are very rich and stuff but I think at the end of the day I don't know have to say that some of us come from an above average household. Even in school right, they teach us to be independent of our parents especially in terms of finances. So as much as I came from an above average household right, I was actually some poor dog. I was living like day to day on the $2.00 the mother gave me. Maybe because we are in an independent school. The more wealthier parents are more willing to spend a little bit more money to send their child to all girls or boys school. People who are still boys school boys are more elite. I think it will be a lot from the RRI side also. Because RRI is also a very elite school. I think at that time, we balls down to who you were as a person. Like because of what school you come from and also the kind of friends you mix with. For me, I couldn't really experience any of these like pretentious, niche or elitist mindset. All the perceptions right are created by our parents' generation. Then they just like pass down to us. Then that's what we think. Looking back at your younger self, do you have any advice for yourself or advice for people who are currently in a boys' school? Don't take out your clothes if you're out of teachers. Oh my god! I think for boys' school at least, sometimes you might get too carried away in terms of having too much fun with your friends. But I think you still have to take note of how important academics actually is also. It's good to spend the candy for maybe an hour and just like just talk shit. Because this is how boys school boys bond. If I have kids in the future right, I would still send them to like Sam Pets or if it's a daughter I'll send them to IJ lah. Yeah, because I think the culture is very unique. I think it's good to take away also lah that you know no matter what school you go to it's like you need to work. Like you just work hard and like you know be make good friends. That's great, don't discriminate based on your school. Okay so with that said, we've concluded this episode of Cheek Chess talking about voice school culture. If you guys are from voice school and you feel like you want to add on to any of the comments that the cast have made, feel free to leave in the comments down below. Also, let us know what else to talk about next time. And then don't forget to like, share and subscribe. Bye bye!