 When they were done, they opened the door and I'm like, hey. Hi, I'm Sam. Hi, I'm Hafeez. Hello, I'm Chow. Hi, I'm Leah and this is Zula Chick Chat. What is that? It's a chick. Hi guys, welcome to this episode of Chick Chatats. And in today's episode, we're going to be talking about staying in Hall in University. So which uni were you from and which Hall were you guys from? I was from NTU and Hall of Health. I was from NTU also, from the best Hall. Hall 16. Wow, wow, wow. Compacted to. I was in NUS. I am in NUS. And I lived in KR and N-House. So for me, I stay in residential college. So it's somewhat like a hall but it's a new town. Yeah, I do have my own program. I stay in Kampus too. That's where all the nerds are at. FAN? But the nerds are cool, the nerds are real cool. So moving on, let's talk about your own personal hall experience. So what like rooms you stay in and also like you have any like stories to share about like me, or like horror stories in the hall. I stay in a double room. So for empty, I think it's good because you can actually choose your room before you go in. So thankfully I chose like my friend and we asked your friends ah. So that's a deal. That's a deal. That a little bit. Because having a roommate right, your dynamic with them completely changes. It tests the friendship. There are stories of people who like stopped being friends with their roommates. For my first two years I stayed at a roommate. And then in my remaining time in the hall I stayed in a single room. So you like single or double better? I enjoy staying in a double room because I always had a roommate. And it didn't get very lonely lah. On the other hand, a single room is great also because things can go my way easier. Like in terms of the clean up, in terms of access to my room. Access to my room. So you know, you know. There's some hidden message behind all these. I lived in Cambridge for one year, year 1, sem 2 and year 2, sem 1. And then when I did NOC, that was year 2, sem 2. And that was when I stayed in PGP. I lived in a single room, because they only have single rooms. And then in the evening, when the sun shines through my windows, it looks so nice. I eat that! Super nice! And then I had all these fake flowers. I stuck them around my big frame. So it was just the dreamiest room I ever had. I think for me, I had the best of both walls. Which is a single room but also I mean the company of other people. Because I stay in a sleep. That has a shared common area. But you cannot choose your sleepmates. So you just just hangs away whether you get good roommates or not For my first year, the roommates I stayed with were all seniors so we were just like high by but I was very very lucky when I was here too all people that I could click with so they're still my closest friends after now and then I could of them were exchange students who I still keep in contact with Do you have any juicy roommate gossip stories to share? I know of this couple that always appears if my friend's IG story, they have to be on something very outside the door. So they always let me talk for like, I think a good 5 minutes before they go into the room. Oh no, but actually the thing on there right, like the thing into other people's... Okay so RC is like the buildings that all build very nice other like HTVs right. So if you're on the top floor of this RC, you can look down into the lower floor of another RC. People don't realise that. And then they leave their blinds open. So my friend one time he was like, guys I looked up at my window and I just saw this couple having sex. I was like, what? And then he was like, everybody's talking about it in the chat and it's damn bad. Because like, how do you tell them also what right? Guys just be aware and close your blinds. Then it's a very important rule. I didn't see anything with my own eyes but that's what I heard. I think the walls are quite thin. So when people study too hard, you know, sometimes it can be heard. When they study, what? This thing damn hard! Damn hard! Damn hard! I get what you mean by thin walls. It was my friend's room. I walked past her door and then I heard like... Oh my god! Hold up! Then I put my ear. Then I stood with my door open. Then I lean against the door frame like that. Wait for them. Oh no, they don't wait! This girl they have to creepy ah. Then when they were done, they opened the door and I'm like... So moving on to H.O.L.K. So I didn't join anything. I'm not particularly proud about it because I feel like H.O.L.K. is a great way to pick up new things and new skills which I didn't get to experience for myself because I was very busy talking beyond school so I couldn't really accumulate points but because I spent a lot of time in my blockmates they helped me to stay on for the next semester. So I think for RC we have the same things but we call them like English groups at least in Temusso. One of the groups that I think my friend started was T-Freedom which is the LGBTQ plus group that supports a lot of the LGBTQ plus people in the hall itself, in terms of what we offer. I spent a lot of time in NUS dance, so like the club, the NUS club itself. The biggest thing that I did was to take my hall dance. At the start of the year, there would be a dance competition where all halls would compete together. So that was really fun and also I think hall is a very good place actually to try something we've never tried before. Like in terms of commitments and roles, I joined as a group leader for orientation camp. I was also in the Hall committee. Something I like about NTU is we have this thing called IHG. So it's the whole game. And they are like a lot of different kind of sports and recreational activities. What is your biggest culture shop when you entered Hall? For Hall, there's like a shared pantry right? And then there's where right, even like some people are super gross. They have microwave ovens and there are stories of people who use the oven to dry their socks. It's so thick if you stay in the older Halls. Please don't use the microwave oven. Sometimes even the even the urinal is quite high right? Sometimes it's like flipping it on top. I don't know how it works. I don't know how it works. I think the biggest culture shock for me right, was the patting culture. Especially at the start of the semester. Then they are just always like, you wanna go out to drink, you wanna drink in my room. Even though it is strictly banned, and people get into so so much trouble and they started to climb down very strongly towards the end of my hostel. Oh, also the sex culture. So I heard of how there are WhatsApp chats in HONG that are just for hookups. It's a rumor. Nobody has actually seen the chat. Oh, you have? Anyway. Okay! I have not seen the chat but you know, there's a release that has a bonus about these things. I'm giving the peer pressure. If people around you are doing things that you don't believe in, don't do it. Just be your own person. I don't know about you but I know like in the US like if something happens ah what the whole haul knows about it like the next day that kind of thing. Just be aware of like your actions of. What is your biggest takeaway from staying in hall? I think although there's a lot of weird stories about hall and weird things that's going on, I still really enjoy my stay. Cause it really gives me a chance to learn how to live by my own. And another big takeaway is definitely the friends that I've made. Cause there are people who have seen you at your worst. There are people who you can just randomly knock at the door and then go inside to talk if you feel down or anything. I think the biggest takeaway for me will also be my friends. These are the people who have been there for you because they are so accessible and at the same time they are also very like... a place to call my own and everything that was within this little space, right? Belonged to me and it felt so good. It inspired me to want to work towards that again, to someday be able to look at a place and say that I own this place. The biggest takeaway for me is that staying in RCE or even Hauai, made my whole uni experience a lot easier. Yeah, because I had something to go back to all the time after a very long day of classes and friends who can kind of empathize with what I'm going through and also the second thing I think is a lot about taking initiative and learning how to start up your own project and lead your own projects in the hall because a lot of times you don't have the opportunity to do that outside so last question would be any advice to the fellow people who are entering hall in August? I completely agree with whatever she has said. Remember to have fun. Because some people just have hall to study or as a place for them to rest after school or whatnot. But they sometimes forget about the fun aspect of uni life. Well, you're having fun. I feel like the fun element can people might over-emphasise on that sometimes as well. So like those who get very into all the activities and it might become very overwhelming for you and just find your support system know who you can rely on and who you can talk through all your struggles with and you'll help you a lot through your new journey. I think my biggest advice is prioritize your diet because there's something a lot of people don't realize. Because you know that whole triangle, everyone like you want to study, sleep and social life, then people always choose to study and social life and then they don't like get enough time for themselves. I think that is something very important. Don't lose yourself in whole. Prioritizing your own mental health is... E2 having a great life. Right? Yeah! Today we talked about whole culture and we learned that as long as you stay true to yourself you're gonna enjoy everything and your new experiences. So if you guys like this video remember to leave a comment down below and also let us know what else to talk about next time. And don't forget to like, share and subscribe. Bye!