 It came as kind of a blindside for me because I was let go from my job at midnight of Singapore time. I was logged out of everything already. On that day itself? 30. It's not that bad. What are we going to talk about today? We are going to talk about workplace rejection. It's probably this episode, one of us will get rejected. Stay tuned to the end of the episode too. To see who gets fired. No, just kidding. No, no, no. How do you deal with rejections? Rejection. 16 and I plucked out all my courage to call this guy to ask him out for prom. And he said no. Not like I think I'm the best person out there but yeah it was like a... Yeah I thought we were pretty good friends. Why you to say yes? So bold. Yeah if you're out there watching like this person., you... Yeah, you said no to Wendy. Hello, hello. So I don't necessarily feel a lot from my work rejections. But for the 2022 one, it came as kind of a blindside for me because I was let go from my job. I have a Zoom call schedule and then I entered a Zoom call like, okay cool what's this about. You just straight away the day? the company. Like, am I such a bad person? Like, that you have to cut me off now and it's not even I work the next like notice, you know, it's like now and gone, you're gone. I was super sad that night when it happened because at midnight of Singapore time, I was logged out of everything already. Yeah. On that day itself? I was wondering, am I just not cut out to do this kind of work? I mean, Key Background and Context, it's program managing. Program managing? Why you laugh? I also came to OJ as the new project managing. But this is the more creative aspect. Then I wasn't so well versed in like content creating and videos and all that so then it's like I have no experience there then like yeah it's kind of like your security is just gone. Then would you say they are right when they say you are not a good fit there? So after that, yes! I mean like thinking about it, yeah I I do feel like, okay, if I would have pushed the stay, then yes, it would just be me trying to put it on my friend to work in a place where I don't feel the most passionate in. So in that sense, that work rejection was something good because it let you to find a place that you would feel passionate for. I mean, after that, I talked to a friend and then after talking to a friend, So kind of like you may feel like you are rejected in this one area and like you feel like all is lost but it might actually be an opening to another place that you can go and like a different direction you can go to. Sometimes we might be forced to find that silver lining ourselves in order to make the process much more purposeful and enjoyable. Like for example, I always wanted to be a nurse. Can I tell right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I always wanted to be a nurse. Can I tell right? Yeah, I always wanted to be a nurse. So I applied for nursing so many times and I got rejected so many times. I even get so many people to help me write recommendation letter, you know, like my director, the recrossing, the recross director, my form teacher, everyone I know to write saying that I will make a good nurse, I even went to see the MP. I went to see the MP to get. That's how much you wanted. They just say no, got no reasoning. They didn't even give any reason. It's just straight up on the computer system. In a way I say there's a silver lining because through the years after the rejection and everything it allowed me to find passion in other areas that I never thought I had like community services it's because I didn't get to nursing right that's why I got myself involved in so many volunteering work so the desire to help people is still there yeah the desire to help people is still there and I'm like, oh actually I can help people through this way too. It's not too bad. I'm glad I didn't get accepted because if I did right, I don't think I'll be sitting here. Right? I don't think I'll be sitting here, renting about why I cannot go into the dressing room? I left that job and then travelled and then came back to do a mid-career change. I realised that at 30, I've never written a CV before. And I didn't even have a LinkedIn page because as a teacher, you don't need LinkedIn. And sometimes I feel like rejections help you to grow, help you to put yourself out there more, have that confidence because you face that rejection. And so it was very, very scary for me. And I was just like... Yeah I wrote quite a convincing cover letter. Starting with H is just a number. Oh so cute! So cute! But like did anyone respond? I mean OGS did lah. Okay see it works. Would you know what would have happened to you if your I was in JC so like I cannot have I cannot afford to fail yeah but not to say I don't face rejection on a daily basis like because of what we do as video journalists we need to find profiles we need to pitch our ideas to our bosses like it's a daily thing thing. Profiles are gonna say no. And then there's no silver lining, it's just no. I have no other option. Like find another story, find another profile. And you know, unlike that's your best profile that rejected you, but you have no choice but to just deal with it. So I think, yeah, in cases where there's no silver lining, then you just need to accept and move on all. have to excuse. Yeah, I mean like they're rightly said the stakes are different for everybody. Yeah, but I think one thing that was said to me that like really helps in dealing with rejection and I'm moving on with it. It's like the worst thing that can happen is they say no. It's true. Yeah, we definitely do have more options given the kind of circumstances that we're in. It's really a soft privilege. I think in life you always have a lot of... You won't always go through a lot of no's. I don't deny I still feel sad. If I don't continue at OG, I'll still feel sad. Yeah, for sure. It took us in OG. It took a lot to come here, I think. I don't need to experience another... come tea tops part 2. Yeah, but I think it's just a perspective switch for me like at least personally in my own life. In my mind I turn around and like it's like no not you no thank you to me but it's like no I want to thank you for saying that no. No. We would like to thank the National Arts Council for supporting this video and showing us how there's a silver lining behind every rejection. If you're also feeling bogged down by work, why not take a step back and slow down to appreciate live and the arts? Enjoy a collaborative performance by the Laurent Boys and Newt Chong from triple 5 beatbox and NEC Slater Slat Arts Can Inspire Your Everyday Campaign. You can also check out the NEC website for more of such performances. Okay, now back to the video. Pay attention, yeah? Do you feel like rejection at work is the worst or other things? If you asked me like maybe two years ago, I would have said yes. Because my life was really about work at that time. Yeah. But you asked me now, no lah. Okay. What's worse? What's worse? Apply for VTO, get rejected. That sucks. That's a true story. You look at the email for HGPAN, you're just like... I don't think work rejection is my now lah. It's a big thing for me to my current boyfriend that if this ever I'll feel dames I will not I will be single for the rest of my life. You hear that? I actually just should I can't think back my answer because like why my fiance watches this stuff? Oh shit. Like I can't. Oh yeah you you never choose a BTO. You're gonna have a BTO Yeah, right, I don't have a reflection now. 100 words. I feel like it's a way of like affirmation, hearing the way that like other people have like dealt with rejection sort of gives new perspective and it feels nice to know that like other people are going through the same thing with you. You're not the only one being rejected. Very suddenly become like misery loves company. So if you like what you heard today, do like, share and subscribe to our content and if you face workplace rejection, so you've got more juicy stories to tell us, tell us in the comment section. That's right. Or if you have advice for us, be at Workplace Outlaw. You can also add a comment. Till the next one, bye!