 I think like last year somebody DMed me like, Hi can you tell me something? Your photos are on like similar like Ashley Nassela's group kind of thing. Yeah, I said I didn't have any screenshots so I said no there's no screenshots but I can send you the link to join but it was a very suspiciously long link and I said you have to input your phone number. I was like why? Welcome back to T-Talks and today we have not new guests like Nicole, she's not so new. I'm not familiar with this. Exactly. But we have a new guest, like Lenny. Welcome. We're going to talk. So basically I was overseas and then I don't know what prompted me to decide to check my credit card statement which I checked with me like once every month or so right and then I saw like 1000 plus plus plus deducted on my credit card and then I checked my debit card and for some reason like a few other thousands deducted so I called them and they were like okay immediately you know cancel all your cards we will like return you the money just like file your claims and whatever so yeah so scary but you got your money back. I did. I think the probably the scariest part was that I didn't know where it came from or like what was the source of like like you don't know how they got the numbers. Correct. Correct. Because I mean usually you use your phone for everything nowadays right like you link your cards to your phone and then you use your phones to like buy things from like shops. You scan here, scan there. So I think maybe it's through that but like there's really no way to verify right? So yeah, no I've seen like recent posts about people who download apps and then those like apps in turn track your bank movements on something like yeah. So I'm very scared now. Speaking of the scanning QR thing, there was this case I don't know if y'all saw on the news. I saw. Yeah, basically this is like a 60 year old woman. She saw an ad of this QR code that was like scanned for free bubble tea. So she scanned it and she woke up in the morning. I think $20,000 was taken from her bank account. But it's exactly what Wendy said right? For bubble tea. In one night. Because Y'all know the software had access like her bank account details. I would have followed for that. Really? The bubble tea thing? I've downloaded many things for free. Like what? Like what? Okay so far there's been no scams but if a shop tells me just download this app or just fill in this survey for a free drink or free toppings at a bubble tea stall. I've done everything. Allegedly like the woman who scanned the QR code for the free bubble tea Even though it was at a bubble tea shop The bubble tea shop said it wasn't by them She didn't even get a free bubble tea She loves Tenti Can So pretty! No aunty So apparently what I read that you can do to protect yourself is that if you are downloading an app you need to make sure that you are downloading from the proper app stores which is like Apple App Store and Google Play Store make sure you check that the developer details are real and then if you had already downloaded the app what you need to do is to turn your phone to airplane mode turn off wifi and then run an anti-scam application just to make sure everything is good. in a vault almost. So it can't be digitally transferred out. But if you want to transfer money, you have to probably go in person to an ATM or a branch to do it yourself. Do that big transfer. So have you ever felt or encountered any fishing scams? I think last year somebody DMed me, like, hi can you tell me something? Your photos are online and similar like, Ashina Selamard group kind of thing. And obviously I was so scared. Even if you don't send any explicit pictures to people or you don't take it in general, you know what I mean? Can you still edit or something? There's this fear like, did somebody record me in a changing room? I said like, do you have any screenshots? Because the first thing right? Yeah, so I said no there's no screenshots but I can send you the link to join and I said oh yes please I thought it would be like maybe a WhatsApp group chat or this kind of things but it was a very suspiciously long link with no with not a common domain name or this kind of thing so I was like okay went in and I said you have to input your phone number. I was like why? Yeah, why isn't this just a telegram group chat? Why? Like it's still that difficult to judge right? Yeah, I pulled one to three and I was like a bit suspicious already. So I said it didn't work. He said you have to put a real number. I was like how do you know I didn't? You know what I mean? they're so creepy. happen in Singapore in terms of like spreading pictures around you know so girls always have that lingering fear it's so scary and to exploit it it's just very evil yeah the message itself was crafted in a very friendly and personal way like I'm like hi there's a there's pictures of you going around this is very important can you check your messages kind of thing sounds like okay the conversations flowed very personal like it was really somebody talking to me. Dang. Well nowadays, I tell you like, scams not only evolve with like technology but like, like what you said, like how they prey on people's vulnerabilities and emotions as well to kind of like get money out of them. Basically, someone approached this person to say that they have a job offer. They're from Job Street and then they asked the person to give a sum of money with promised returns I think you've heard of this This case actually happened to my actual friend I have a very close friend of mine that went through this It sounds exactly the same So it's through telegram It's telegram like a conversation kind of thing. She was quite skeptical initially but once she transferred right and then she saw the returns and there's this trust building basis that you go through right and once you realize it actually the money quite easy to earn ah. So you would dare to invest a little more. She continued to invest, continue to give until one day the return didn't come back. So that was when it got really bad and they didn't get back to her. And that was when she realised, oh my god, this is a scam. Because this is it, I just got scammed. Because it's 20k, it boils up to 20k, it's a lot of money. She didn't, 20k gone. All they can do is make a police report about it. Yeah. Do you all feel that you will fall for something like that? Or will you all blame yourselves if you do? I was going to say, I think previously I used to think like, I know only old people fall for scam. But no la, I think increasingly... With the scam tactics, the rice, the human touch. I don't want to say that I would never. I think there's a high possibility that it might happen. I hear that there's some ways that you can prevent these drop scams which is basically if a company approaches you, you should do background research on the company. Also, don't pay to secure a job offer. Because I think it's a bit weird. Don't fall for this like too good to be true. Like you Do something small and then you get a quick buck and don't give out your personal details like your phone number Yeah, so I think that's how you kind of at least lah these you can just think of these to get like yeah, I'm into it Yeah, this is app called scamshield the Fox icon, right? You used it before? Oh, I have it on my phone. I'll basically just install it once and you set it up once then it prevents scammers from calling you in the first place. Oh, yeah. Wait, that's really annoying. Install now. Installing. Right. I'm scared. Talking about Glennis, just now you were saying that this sharing your stories online helps to normalise conversation. I was watching TikTok and then I saw a video of this girl who was talking about how she got scammed by this like rental, Facebook marketplace rental posting. So basically what happened was that she saw a posting on Facebook and then she contacted the agent because she was interested in the viewing. So the agent was like, okay, I know it's available for you to come on two days. But I'm not free, so I get my PA to bring you. So I was like, okay, I'll show her the PA to go and see the house. Like an actual person. Like an actual person. Oh my god. You're in her actual house. You the actual person. She was like, oh yeah, very nice location, very good. Price not bad. And she was like, okay, I push my luck. Ask for like a slightly lower monthly fee. Then the agent very quickly, yeah, I can, can, can. No problem, no problem. No fight, no nothing. She was like, no fight, and then she was like, hmm, okay. And then it's us, they started to like, oh yeah, can quickly sign, you know, like if you're lucky today, then we sign it today, which is very like, usually it doesn't really happen that really. Yeah, you need some discussion. Correct, and there's like a bit of like, bad info. What she did was that she went to ask one of her friends who's a real estate agent to go and check like their real estate agent depository repository of like agent numbers to see if that agent is real. In the end, couldn't find. She was like, it's a scam. So, Indian didn't sign and she got away. Yeah. What the heck? That's high level. Speaking of shopping online, they all was on Instagram scrolling and then this ad came up for a moon lamp. Basically a lamp shaped like a moon. Okay, it's kinda cute lah. I would stand it up. It's like, wah, so like can change colour and all that right? So I was like, oh my god it looks so nice. Like white and yellow right? I have it. Ah it's like thick. So I was like, oh my god, I want to buy. One week later, I think I was checking and then I realised, eh? I have no news about my lamp coming right? Then I went to find the... I don't think I got a receipt or something but I remember where I bought the thing from. So I went to search online, like this website and it didn't exist. But did you like check for reviews? No, I didn't. I just like, moon lamp. I have to have this moon lamp. Put it in my card details. My house and Jack. I want to check up. I was like, oh my god, okay, I went to check my bank account to see if there was like any other transactions but I mean, didn't have like, it was just thatLamb that was deducted. Then I was like, oh damn, thank god it was just like that one item. So if you shop online or on any e-commerce website, please remember to check reviews. And I think you use safe payment methods. Don't be like, don't be impulsive. I think reviews are nowadays I view a lot reviews. To see like... I mean okay, hearing all the stories shared today, realised that everyone of us has kind of... Actually, except for you. Thank you! Maybe obviously I look scammable but I am very diligent in checking things. I think out of everything that we've shared today, it really pays to be safe rather than sorry. And apparently there's like three tips to not fall for a scam or to prevent yourself from falling for a scam. Such an educational episode. Yeah, it is. What is it? It's ACT, the acronym ACT. ACT. Yeah. ACT 1 is A is ADD, Scam Shield ADD. Ah, Scam Shield ADD. Oh, my god. Your favourite add. It's really good. Yeah. And then C is to check for scam signs with official sources. So I know like, you know what I'm saying? It's like, you receive news like about, okay, there's this kind of scam going around or like the banks will tell you like, there's this kind of scam going on. Don't forfeit it. it. So just check with official sources for these news. Maybe like Go, just to verify scam signs. So last one is to tell the authorities, your friends and families about these scam encounters. So don't keep it to yourself. Yeah, I was sure about what Denise did. Basically whatever, actually you've been doing it very well. You've been acting exemplary. Yeah, so this has like what Adele said this has been a very educational episode of T-Tiles. I've learned quite a bit. I've seen it a lot. And we'll see you guys on the next episode. To your next one. Bye. I almost dabbed.