 I think being unwanted is a thing that I shall go with my whole life. Your above parents don't want you, your adopt that parent-child relationships are not easy to navigate. On this episode of Can Ask Me, I speak to Dewey, who at 2 years old, found out she was adopted by her parents. My mom and my mom were in the midst of a conversation Then they talked about me being adopted Then I was like, huh? Wait, I was adopted? Then my mom was just kind of like, yeah But then I think it was only when I grew up, you let them know when you're so young age. Hell no. Because I know personally that some of them might not be able to like process it. I don't want them to see me the way I saw my mum. Because once that taught registers right, anytime my mum like treats me badly or anytime I feel a sense of unfairness I'll redirect it to a thing that I shall go with my whole life. Because in my head, especially as a kid, that was immature. Your birth parents don't want you, your adoptive parents aren't showing you enough love and attention. So it feels like you're unwanted. Since birth and at home, it always feels like I have to overcompensate. Yeah, so I think that's the reason why I'm so like quite loud. I feel like I have to be able to make people laugh. I mean, I love to make people laugh but like it sometimes also feels like I have to to you know have their sense of validation like hey, okay I like this girl. I want her to be my friend that kind of thing Yeah, I remember I had this one girl friend that I was very close to at the poor time her mom came to pick her up and then their Relationship was very like very close They were almost like best! Oh no! I feel like your childhood was still always like how you say, how I knew no matter what. And especially because like, I really struggled with the whole like, adoption and being unwanted thing for like so long. In my head, I'll scold my birth parents. It'll be like, if you can't raise a kid, don't give birth to me and put me in this world with this bunch of stupid parents, especially my mum. It's like, if you don't even show me that you love me, then why are you scolding me and treating me like that? And that's why we had a very, very bad relationship. I felt really lonely. I felt... It was in secondary school right? I told myself, you know what? I think I'm alone in this world and I think only I can get what I want in life. I think that was like the main idea and feeling that I felt like throughout my life. Delicious! I'm not depending on people right? I would feel like I'm losing control again. So I still struggle with it. Like everyday. I would say no now. Cause I don't really have time for that. If I find them, I don't know how I'll feel if I actually make them. I think it will be a mix of emotions. But I feel like eventually, as life goes by, I feel like it will be one of my life missions to really just meet who gave birth to me, who made me. For example, sometimes I can be very emotional. Sometimes I can be a bit too angry. Sometimes I'll ask myself, do I get these traits from my birth parents? So I've always wanted to get to know them as a person and see if there are any similarities between me and them. And actually, yeah, actually now that I think about it, I would love to get to know them as a person. See how they are. But now at this point, why do you think so? But it's like if I think as present me who is a bit more mature as compared to back then right I don't feel angry, I just feel curious But I can always feel this like anger inside of me like deep deep deep deep down I think it will be closure for the younger me who are so angry at her buff mom But it will be closure for her I don't't need closure. I'm good. Mine is she does. Yeah. What does family mean to you? I feel like I'm on the episode of Bali. Okay. No one in my family is biologically related to each other. My brother is adopted. But then I think to me now, family is... I think it's just beyond blood. I think that makes us more of a family actually if you really think about it. Because there are families out there that are related but they don't even treat each other like family. I feel like pregnant ladies right? They have nine months to register that okay they have a kid inside but my mum didn't have that. It's just like, here's a kid. They care of it, love it, discipline it. And I think my mum is quite... Like now I understand that she's super strong and amazing for being able to do that. But then back then, I didn't understand that. I remember one day I just got so drunk. I drunk-faxed my own mum. I said, Mummy, I'm so sorry. I was so ungrateful I should have been more grateful I realised that if I start being grateful, maybe I'll be happier and it worked Right now I feel like when I think about my future it always involves my parents and my family Like last time it was really selfish It was just me and my future But eventually I hope I enough right? So my father can retire. Because I always feel like my father worked very very hard. I want him to be able to retire at an age where he can still go out, go play golf. I love kids. That's one. I still think that adoption is as beautiful as a thing as pregnancy is. But then I think I would try to conceive first. If I give birth right, the kid will be the first person I know or have met that is biologically related to me. Yeah, I think I'll feel like I'm not alone anymore and I think it will be the best feeling in the world because I... The younger me would say I finally have a family. Is there anything you would like to tell your adoptive parents? Um... Oh shit. giving me a chance to like... Giving me the chance to live life and giving me the potential to be great at life. I think even though like we went through a lot, I think it really made me the person that I am today. I mean, yeah, there are things that they could have certainly done better for sure. But no one taught them to be parents And I think that they really did their best. So... Yeah, I think I owe it to them for bringing me up. People can give both the kids but to raise a kid right, I think it's hard. There are more orphans than there are parents, which says a lot. Because not everyone can be a parent.