 One of the hard things that I had to do was I had no idea how to change the diaper. I had to learn that all by myself. At that point of time'm 22 this year. Oh, so I'm one year younger. Oh, you're 21. Yeah, 21 this year. So, how old were you when you found out that you were pregnant? I was 17 years old when I found out I was pregnant. I was still in school, so... 17, so you were in... Poly. Do you still remember the moment when you found out? Yes, I remember. I was in my roommate's bathroom. I was already living alone by the time I found out I was pregnant. And then I took the test and I called her in and I was just telling her, like... And then we just looked at it at the same time and we were just freaking out. How did you tell your parents that you were expecting? So I did that first with my stepfather and he broke down crying. He actually blamed himself. He said that if he stayed for the family or like if he had been a better father and I just I don't know how to feel because I've never seen him vulnerable. This is like an Asian dad crying and it was just like a a rare sight and even though we're not blood related he's always out there looking for me all the time. So when I broke the news to my mom that was ugly. about, oh, you're living in sin and you're forcing me to marry this guy. And at that point of time, I knew this guy was abusive and I knew for a fact that this marriage will never work out. But I went along anyway because it got really ugly to a point where they threatened my stepfather's work, his job, and I didn't want him to suffer. So I got married at 17. Even though I was married I was basically a single mum because I was doing things on my own financially. I was the main caregiver for my daughter as well. So everything was just on me. How did you manage to find the courage to leave your toxic marriage? I've always had that want. It was just more of like the right time. And I wasn't 21 back then so a lot of the laws were not on my side especially. It's like I couldn't rent a place. I would have to live in a shelter if I didn't get married and all that. Has the thought of abortion ever crossed your mind? How was the nine months, like from the day you found out all the way? not easy. I still continued school. So I went to school pregnant. I remember they had to like actually put me in a separate room because I was already due for birth. And I still had to take exams. Oh my god. So yeah, I went to school with my big ass belly and then like I was working 6 jobs. So freelance and then I also did like telecom. And I was taking up a lot of odd jobs basically, just to kind of like, make ends meet. The whole motivating factor for it was like, I want my daughter to be proud of me. Like, oh my god, that's my mum. My mum did that. Yeah. And if I can do that, she can do better. You know, that kind of thing. I want my daughter to be able to feel like that. What was the hardest part about being a mum at 17, like when you were so young? At the point of time, I was just focused on how do I keep this baby alive? Like, I checked on her every single hour and I was just, you know, I feel like I suck. I'm failing all the time. It's like sleepless nights regardless whether I was feeding her or not because even when I'm not feeding her, I'm like checking on her like I'm still breathing. Maybe that's like mom anxiety or something like a new mom's anxiety. I wasn't really focused my mother raise all of us by herself, it was already a lot for someone who was in I did this Yeah, and I think as moms it's like when you have a baby You just have this sense of courage. I mean not all moms are perfect. I understand that, it's like when you have a baby, you just have this sense of courage. I mean, not all moms are perfect, I understand that, but it's like they do everything for their baby. I have a rush of feelings right now. I know, I'm just like... Because I kind of saw all of this in real time happen. When I was about nine years old, I actually saw my mum have a stroke. And it was from all the stress of managing my family together. How were you able to, I think, eventually make room for love for yourself? So, when you say make room for love, it's always about loving yourself. And then when your daughter sees that in you, she'll do it for herself. There was one time I had this conversation with my best friend. I was worried that, you know, why if she grows up and she ends up like me and she said, why is that a bad thing? I don't really know how to answer this because if I were to say, oh, I don't're also a single mom and you're doing everything on your own. Do you wish you had more help? Like, someone to let you have kind of mom guilt, you know. I get what you mean. Yeah. But I mean, personally, it's like, I've been through the whole mom guilt thing. You should, like, don't care about mom guilt. Yeah, I think I should. I mean, I know it's really hard, but you need to put yourself first. Cause it's, like, you'll go crazy, and you don't want to lose yourself while you're taking care of your kids, right? What do you do to Cook? Bake? I love to cook! before you became a mum, it's like, no! I do feel like also, the stereotype of single teen mum just... I feel like people tend to categorise these sort of people as very very promiscuous very careless Have you ever had these sort of? encounters before Oh all the time I'm telling you like when I was single I had guys telling me like oh, you're just good to You're just yeah, you're just good for for good for a night. They were like saying, oh, you're at the bottom of the chain. You're literally a single, teen, Malay mum. And they were like saying, no one's going to ever marry you. But, you know, it's like everyone has a different starting line. And single mums might be at the back, because everyone else is at the front. It's not a race, it's just a journey. So I really don't care about what they want to say, about whether I'm promiscuous or not. As long as I continue to improve myself, I continue to help the people around me, and the people who also has gone through the same thing as me, I did my part. What's your daughter's name? My daughter's name is Amelia. She's four years old. So, like, was she what got you through, like, the toughest days, like, even up till now? Can I be honest? Yeah. I mean, I love my baby but sometimes they are the reason for your toughest days. But yeah, the thing that got me through is like, I would... This may sound like so self-absorbed but it was me. It's like, you prioritise your mental health, you take a break, and then you're back. Yeah. So it's like, she is my main motivation and drive. But like, day to day, when it gets hard, it's like you need time to kind of relax and take your mind off and... Like have alone time. Yeah. I mean, after everything that you went through with like Amelia, do you still want more kids? I eventually did find love. I met my husband now. He is like... He has to be the best of the best. Because I'm traumatised so my expectation is always there. He exceeded all of it. He's like Shrek. Do you watch Shrek? Yeah! I love Shrek! Okay, yeah, yeah. Like, okay, he's grumpy as hell, but he's really like... You came to the right person. I know, I know, I know. Like, looks-wise... Looks-wise, he's... Wait, what? He looks like Shrek? No, no, no! Looks-wise, he's a fan, but like, his personality is Shrek, okay? And yeah, he's been very supportive. He's... I was emotional. And he was always trying to be present and there for me all the time. Yeah. And he's not afraid to change diapers. I mean, I know, again, bare minimum. But he's really out... putting himself out there. Yeah putting in a lot of effort. I have another son now. He's four months old. His name is Michael. Amelia has been a very protective sister. Like, literally would smack you if you take her brother away. So cute! I don't know about the cute part, but yeah. She will literally look at you up to up down. Just to... Yeah. Like, are you worthy of my brother? Yeah, she's very protective like that. Was there any difficulty in introducing her to your new partner at the beginning? Usually she don't like people. But when I first introduced my then boyfriend to her, now husband, she immediately warmed up. Oh, crazy. Yeah. When she was around him, she was just... I don't know, she feels very safe to just be herself. I mean, it was on her own initiative to call her papa. Yeah. After we started dating a few months. Currently, my dad is trying to talk to me. He's not been in my life for about 15 years. So, you know, he'll occasionally send me messages asking me how I am, but I normally ignore them. Would you want your daughter to maintain a relationship with her birth father? Yeah. What's your daughter's name? Rosevelle. Rosevelle. That's a nice name. It's like a princess name. I even gave the middle name like Jade. Oh. Because she's precious as a gem. So cute. Yeah. What's the best part of being a mum? Best part of being a mum? Being with her, seeing her growth. Just yesterday, the teacher just called me up for the parents-teacher meeting and she was telling me, you know, Rosabel, she's very loving and caring. Her friend, Fonow, she just hugged. So it's like, I felt very, very happy with her. Yeah. Do you feel the most happiest when you're with your kid? Yes, most of the time. It's like... It's happy and then stress and then happy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, the best thing that I really love to do with her is just listening to her talk. And I just love to see how her tiny brain just works, you know. It's just like the different phases of their growth, it's just like every part of it is great. It's like they grow up so fast, it's like one month later you have a whole new different kid. And you just have to fall in love with that kid all over again. So I'm just enjoying every version of them that they're becoming for now. Are you happy now? Definitely. I mean, I've been Hello! Hi! Oh, she's so cute! Hello! Oh my god, so cute. This is the cutest age ever. Bye bye. I mean he loves Fiona so like... So like... you know... So basically that kind of love...