 I think being unwanted is a thing that I struggled with my whole life. Your birth parents don't want you, your adoptive parents learned that parent-child relationships are not easy to navigate. On this episode of Can Ask Meh, I speak to Dewi, who at 2 years old, found out she was adopted by her parents. My grandmom and my mom was in the midst of a conversation. Then like, they talk about me being adopted. Then I was like, huh? Wait, I'm adopted? Then my mom was just kinda like, yeah. But then I think it was only when I grew up, I go to school right, then I realised, eh, actually everyone's mother is their real mother. Then I'm the only one with the what fake mother lah. It's a very, very weird feeling. The thing is, I still see see her as my mother because I still call her mummy and everything right. But it's like when I see other people's parents do certain things for their kids and she don't do it right, the thing that will come to my head will be, oh is she not doing this because she's not my mum. Hell no because I know personally that some of them might not be able to process it. I don't want them to see me the way I saw my mum. Because once that thought registers, anytime my mum treats me badly or anytime I feel a sense of unfairness, I think being unwanted is a thing that I struggled with my whole life, right? Because like, in my head, especially as a kid that was immature, your birth parents don't want you, your adoptive parents aren't showing you enough love and attention. So it feels like you're unwanted. Since birth and at home, it always feels like I have to overcompensate. Yeah, so I think that's the reason why I'm also quite loud. I feel like I have to be able to make people laugh. I mean, I love to make people laugh, but it sometimes also feels like I have to, to have their sense of validation, like, hey, okay, okay I like this girl I want her to be my friend that kind of thing yeah I remember I had this one girl friend that I was very close to at that point of time her mom came to pick her up and then their relationship was very like very close they were almost like best friends then I was like oh. Then I got very jealous. Then I remember I cried in the car. Oh no! I feel like your childhood will still always like, how you say, haunt you no matter what. And especially because like, I really struggled with the whole like, adoption and being unwanted thing for like so long. In my head, I would scold my birth parents. It would be like, if you can't raise a kid, don't give birth to me and like put me in this world with this bunch of stupid parents. Especially my mum right. It's like, if you don't even show me that you love me, then like, why are you scolding me and treating me like that? And that's why we had a very, very bad relationship. I felt really lonely. I felt... It was in secondary school right, I told myself, you know what? I think I'm alone in this world. And I think only I can get what I want in life. I think that was like the main idea and feeling that I felt throughout my teenage years. But I started depending on people right, I would feel like I'm losing control again. I still struggle with it. Like everyday. I would say no now. Cause I don't really have time for that. If I find them... I don't know how I'll feel if I actually meet them. I think it'll be a mix of emotions. But I feel like eventually, as life goes by, I feel like it'll be one of my life missions to really just meet who gave birth to me, who made me. Like for example, sometimes I can be very emotional. Sometimes I can be a bit too angry. Sometimes I'll ask myself, do I get these traits from my birth parents? So I've always wanted to like get to know them as a person right, and see if there are any similarities between me and them. And actually, yeah actually now that I think about it, I would love to get to know them as a person. See how they are. But now at this point,, I don't feel angry. I just feel curious. But I can always feel this like anger inside of me like deep deep deep deep down. I think it'll be closure for the younger me who was so angry at her both mom. It'll be closure for her. I don't need closure, I'm good. I think she does. Yeah. What does family mean to you? I feel like I'm on an episode of Bali. Okay. No one in my family is biologically related to each other. My brother is adopted. But then I think to me now, family is... I think it just beyond blood lah. I think that makes us more of a family actually if you really think about it. Because there are families out there that are related but they don't even treat each other like family. I feel like pregnant ladies right, they have nine months to register that okay they have a kid inside of them. But my mom didn't have that. It's just like a kid take care of it love it discipline it and I think my mom is quite like now I understand that like she's super strong and amazing for being able to do that but then back then I didn't understand that yeah I remember like one day I just got so drunk I drunk text my own mum and said, Would you adopt children in the world because I the younger me would say I finally have a family. Is there anything you would like to tell your adoptive parents? Oh shit. Give me a moment. Thank you for giving me life. Yeah, thank you for giving me a chance to like... Giving me the chance to live life and giving me the potential to be great at life. I think even though like we went through a lot, I think it really made me the person I am today. I mean yeah, there are things that they could have certainly done better for sure but no one taught them to be. And I think that they really did their best. So... Yeah, I think I owe it to them for bringing me up. People can give birth to kids, but to raise a kid, right? I think it's hard. There are more orphans than there are parents, which says a lot. Because not everyone can be a parent.