 I see some people in the toilet searching for where's the sensors. I will stand beside you on the next basin and then I just... There. Water coming out. Oh, magic. Okay, there. Oh. All these are supplies. You want to open up? I'm Hwee Man. I'm not the king of toilets. Well, I'm an R&D manager overseeing all the designs for different fittings in the toilet all the way to manufacturing. This is not my favourite seat but this seems very comfortable to me. What you call zi ye ping. So every shopping centre, I would like to visit the toilet and then I'll see how the product performs. I'll look at one thing, wah, very interesting. Then I'll stay there and watch. But people when they pass by, I'll just... Payday, payday, just walk around. I have a surprise for you. What you want me to do? Like that ah? This one is... This one is very good also. Are you also expert at unclogging toilet? Wah, actually you don't use this ah. You just wrap the bowl airtight, then you flush. So there will be a pressure suction's also exporting to around 26 other countries in the world. Some people actually don't know that Wiggle is a Singapore brand. They thought that it's an international brand. So, it really makes me quite proud. Once you go to Changi Airport, please visit the toilets. So you can see our sensor panel, right, with a smiley face. That is to welcome our visitors from overseas. Wiggle also have smart toilet in exponent. Our IoT system actually collect system actually collects per usage how much water is being consumed. Even in the toilet roll where it's empty, there's an alert sent out to the cleaner mobile to tell them to top up to make her job easier. In the past, the manufacturing sector manufactured a lot but there's not much technology being put in. Nowadays, when we talking about smart nations in Singapore especially. We have to apply a lot of technologies. That's why you see a lot of young engineers like to join Wiggle just because they are being excited by all these technologies and they really want to apply their skill sets into developing new products. Since we're in the toilet business, Wiggle is a company that gives a lot of toilet breaks. So you can spend the whole day inside the toilet, nobody will complain.