 I don't know how we display our own signs of aggression. Maybe we take out a textbook and read it in your faces. Zula ChickChats! I was from St. Michael's Primary School, now known as St. Joseph's Junior. Then after that, I went on to Thornmouth SGI. I went to St. Stephen's for primary school. And then I went to St. Pat's, otherwise known as St. Patrick's School, for 4 years in secondary school. So, I was not from a boys' school, but I was from CHIJ. Talking about the experiences that you guys had going to a boys' school, Hafeez, maybe we can start off with you. You know why? Because you came from a co-ed school first, and then you went into a boys' school. So how was that like for you? Okay, for me, it was quite a game-changer. Because back in my mid-school, I was still very shy. Wah, I remember some girls used to bully me last time. Yeah, legit. So I was eating food, and then they took my fork and ran away. I couldn't eat. So when I went to secondary school, it was all boys. I didn't have girls to disturb me or bully me. At first, when you think of it, you'll think it'll just be a bunch of nerds or people who just want to study. But the friends that I mixed with were mostly quite rowdy. Maybe that's why I'm like this now. But it was an interesting change. For you guys, is it a similar experience? Like the school, like the boys' school very rowdy one? Because this is what I think of boys' school. We will get up to a lot of nonsense lah. Like you know, like play pranks on teachers, each other. We'll fight. Like you go through like the highs and lows all together right? Yeah. So I don't know if it's like a thing for mixed schools where there are girls, but as in for an all-boys school, we used to get public kidding everyday. Like not everybody lah, like those that misbehave. One by one ah? Did y'all have any cases of bullying in school? I was the bully. Oh okay. Eh okay lah, I didn't consider it bullying. Essentially it was just my girlfriends. We didn't bully anyone. I don't know, I think it's a big group thing. I just like, think this guy looks funny or something. Then I'll tell my friends, like guys, you know this guy, his specs right, his degree, 1000 degrees. Do like an owl. Then everybody will rush to this person's class right, and stand outside the class and see, then we call him owl. Okay. Damn bad. Damn bad. That is so mean! How can you not say that's bullying? It's a bullying! Okay la, but I understand what you're trying to say. It's like you're just making fun, that kind of thing. But then, ultimately... I mean, technically speaking, it is bullying la. Ya, it's like that. I think at the time when we were all like boys and like childish, we didn't know better lor. I think for me and my group of friends, it's very similar to what Gif is just sharing. Oh, okay, okay. What, what, what? So it's just the dynamics of our group. When something funny happens, or when someone says something funny, then we will just like... attack the person. Okay, okay. And that person can still be one of our friends. Is it very normal to have fights in school? In my school, no. Mine is like, every day there was a fight. So the most epic one right, and this was like a police case. Oh my god. There was these two friends, so they were having a conversation during recess. And then his friend apparently said that his girlfriend is very ugly. So he got very angry and riled up, that he took his fork and stabbed his friend in the head. Holy story! So he became known as the fork stabber. The friend that got hospitalised, then the friend went to hospital right, apparently he had like 4 dots on the head. Which is very hard to fork. What the fuck? So like, word spread naturally. Then our principal told us during the assembly, said if there are news reporters outside the school, please don't talk to anybody but everyone spoke to the reporter. Oh my god. Do y'all have like, crushes on female teachers? Definitely. Yeah. Very normal for me. Okay. Especially because from an all-boys school right, there are no females around except the teachers. Yeah. Because I see these teachers all the time right, and they carry themselves in a certain way, that makes me a little bit more attracted to characteristics like that in other girls. Crushes, I wouldn't say like a serious, oh my god, ma'am, I love you. Ma'am sia! Oh my god, teachers ma'am! Ya, they will. There was a guy I know. You know how teachers when they talk, then they'll walk down the row. Then he put his elbow at the corner of the desk. Then when her butt grazed his elbow right, then he hit you with it. Then she's like, oh sorry! Then he's like, oh nah, sorry, sorry. But actually he did it intentionally. Actually it's sexual harassment eh. Oh god! So there was one time, there was this Relief teacher. The class she had to Relief was a very rowdy class. And basically they took off their shirts and started doing this around her. I would be terrified eh if I was in her position. I don't know if it's sexual harassment or what sia in that case. I think like especially now if it's in a 2019 context right, it's definitely sexual harassment. 10 years ago it was still sexual harassment. It was. Still indecencies. Not that it was overlooked. It was... I guess it was overlooked also. So, is there any ranking between the boys' school? Or do y'all have a particular perceived notion of any other school? Do you like this school? Do you not like this school? That kind of thing. I think for me, for RI boys, I think our top rivals would be Catholic Cat High boys. Because firstly, we are within the same vicinity. Every time when we see another Cat High boy or what, I don't know how we display our own signs of aggression. Maybe we take out a textbook and put it in your face. Something about K-High boys, I think it's because they don't have long pants. Once we reach Sectary, it's something that we always internally disturb them about. Like, so heavy, still wear shorts. But it's all just mindless banter amongst ourselves. Sometimes when I see R.I.Boys, I think, wah, these people just take our uniform, but then put R.I.Beds. Oh my god, are y'all same uniform? Wait, all white, all white, all white ah? Oh my god, all girls have the same uniform? What the? I think for Senpets, we honestly did not give two shits about the academic ranking. But for some reason, I don't know why, we always disliked SGI. We always felt like SGI was the nerdier, uncool version of us. The secondary Zampads. Eventually, we outgrew that because after all, we were like brother school. You mentioned something about the Zampads boys who go to don't know where to see the KC girls. What was that you said? Yeah, so basically after school every day right, there were a few like hot spots where Sampax boys will go to to like look at SAC girls or like KC girls. Okay. Yeah, so we always would go to like Singapore MAX or Marine Parade or like the Marine Parade, the market area. SGI, the nearest school to us, like literally 500 metres down is SCGS. What I've heard is that some of the younger boys used to walk over to SCGS and they try and peek inside. But I think the SCGS girls didn't give a damn about us. Most of the time, if I'm not wrong, it would be the SCGS girls with the ACS guys. Got that the RGS girls or not? Okay, it's funny as it is. The hotspot for me, for my friends at least, was Bishan Library. What?! I think they got quite close to a group of RGS girls and Crescent or Sida girls also. So what they would do is have study sessions after school. We move on to maybe talking about some misconceptions or assumptions people have about boys' school boys. Actually, one of them was because we did an episode on the girl school culture right, and then everybody's like, oh all girls school girls are lesbians. That kind of thing. Is it the opposite for guys today? People have the assumption that all of y'all are gay. I think there's definitely like a percentage. In Sempads la, but we always used to make fun of SGI of being like the gayer school. I don't know why. Maybe because of the stuff that we do together when we are in school. We would strip someone down to his underwear in class. Right after class ends. And then just leave him inside a lock below. No, no, but as in he's our friend. Maybe that's why people call us gay. We know we are not. I think maybe it stems from how close we are as bros. So we stay over at each other's house, like wet each other's ass. One of the things that someone asked me to ask was that, are boys' school boys homophobic? Because people make all these kind of comments as well. I think in Sempads, it's really quite jialat. There was this guy who posted on his blog that he went on a date with a guy from another school. That was like a Saturday or something when he posted. Then after that weekend, he came back on a Monday right, everyone just started like shouting at him like, eh gay, eh gay. Then like, people would throw tissues at him. People would throw like dead things at him. Then he just walked down the corridor, but he wasn't like, affected. What do you say for y'all? We knew who was gay, but we didn't... Ah, we didn't bully. Nobody bullied them. One of the girls asked me to ask y'all, do y'all play soccer every recess? I wouldn't say every recess, there are days when we have to really eat. Because we are really hungry. I wasn't one of the soccer clique. St. Pat's is the soccer school. Oh is it? So we are known for playing soccer. So another misconception is that boys' school boys are very rich. My perception is that all boys' school, for example ACS or St. Andrews are the rich ones. Okay. Ya, then St Pat's like, no lah. I think for RI maybe because like, it's the branding lor. How do I put that? The image of an RI boy that they portray like, or they like to push out is, you know, someone who's very prim, very proper. It's like, might come across as coming from a rich family or wealthy background lah. Even though like, there are people who are very rich and stuff, but I think at the end of the day, they didn't really use this to look down on other people. I don't know why people say that. I don't know if it's about now, but back then there was this program called something about welfare assistance for the more underprivileged kids. No doubt I have to say that some of us come from an above average household. Even in school, they teach us to be independent of our parents, especially in terms of finances. So as much as I came from an above average household, I was actually some poor dog. I was living like day to day on the dollars that mother gave me. Maybe because we are an independent school, the more wealthier parents are more willing to spend a little bit more money to send their child to, I guess an all girls or all boys school. People assume boys school boys are like very more elite. I think it would be a lot from like the R.I. side also. Like because R.I. is also a very elite school. I think at the end of the day, it really boils down to who you are as a person, like regardless of what school you come from, and also like the kind of friends you mix with. For me, I couldn't really experience any of this like, pretentious nature or elitist mindset. All the perceptions right, are created by our parents' generation. Then they just like, pass down to us you know? Then that's what we think. Looking back at your younger self, do you have any advice for yourself, or advice for people who are currently in a boys' school? Don't take out your clothes in front of teachers. Oh my god. I think for boys' school at least, sometimes you might get too carried away in terms of having too much fun with your friends. but I think you still have to take note of like how important like academics actually is also. It's not something that you can just like throw away la. But instead use your dynamics as a bros group ah. To encourage each other or like to push each other. Then that's great ah. Because really the influence that we have on one another I would say is very very strong. It's good to sit in the a candy for like maybe an hour and just like, just talk shit. Because this is how boys' school boys bond. If I have kids in the future right, I would still send them to like, St. Pat's. Or if it's a daughter, I'll send them to IG lah. Yeah, cause I think the culture is very unique. I think it's good to take away also lah, that you know, no matter what school you go to, it's like, you need to work. Like you just work hard and like, you know, be yourself. Make good friends and that's great. don't discriminate based on your school. Okay, so we're done today, we've concluded this episode of ChickChats, talking about boys' school culture, and if you guys are from boys' school, and you feel like you want to add on to any of the comments that the cast have mentioned, feel free to leave it in the comments down below, and also let us know what else to talk about next time. And then don't forget to like, share and subscribe. Bye!