 For my partner and I to make our living room what we consider cosy and our bedroom what we consider cosy is very nice. Before going to bed, I used to look at her. Now I look at the corner that I eat. Now I look at her in the morning. Okay, and we are back for another episode of Tea Talks. Yay! And we are here to talk about housing because we are all sort of first-time house owners. Okay, maybe you all can say your type of housing, you know, maybe your marital status, that kind of stuff. So, my name is Pei Fang and then I am 28 this year. Attached, not married yet. I am getting a flat in Jurong East in 5 years' time in 2028. I'm Ben, I'm 32 this year. I'm married and I have a resale flat in Punggol. I just moved in like 2 months ago. I'm Bella, 35. I stay in a private condo. It's a studio apartment so it's pretty small. Got swimming pool! Swimming pool! Got dogs too, dogs. Hi, my name is Yu Heng. I'm 30 this year. I'm recently engaged. My BTO is in Tampines. Yay, Tampines. Yay, Tampines! I'll help you cheer. First time you cheer for the East. I'll help you cheer. Cause like suddenly silent leh, no one cheer for him leh. Okay, I cheer myself. Yay, Tampines! Okay, so we're gonna play this game called like, Would You Rather la. So there are certain like options here. So would you rather A, spend less for a less ideal location or would you B, pay more for an ideal location? Okay, so who is A? Yay! It's the Westies. Yay! Maybe they did really spend less compared to us. Okay, so you all say you less for less ideal location. So what are you all for Go? And your choice? Not choosing Tiong Bahru over Churang East. I was like at the top of my head before saying the price, I was like Tiong Bahru, because got Tiong Bahru curry rice to eat. If the stall move, you also move. No, but there's just like a greater proportion of like good food in that area. And then the estate got also looks very like nice and all, like very chill vibes, that kind of thing. But my situation is not ideal. In the sense that I don't earn that much for me to afford that location. So I need to like prioritize on whatever I can afford. So I decided to go for like Jurong East instead. Because I think Jurong East is like, there's a lot of like shopping malls and like a lot of amenities there also. For you, was location an issue? So actually my location is quite ideal already. Because I think when my partner and I I were discussing, we kind of wanted either Bedok or Tampines. We like Tampines but we forgo a lot of things because for us, we weren't expecting to get a flat during the exercise but we did and when it was our turn to choose a flat, we didn't have high floor options left. So I mean, as much as we wanted to also stay like 30 floor kind right, we don't have a choice lah. So that's one thing that we have to forego. Those are the things that unfortunately I can't choose but my price is quite healthy lah for me to think about. So I don't feel anxious thinking like, oh my goodness, I need to pay so much. Yeah, I think for me location is one of the primary consideration. Your location cost how much? Okay, not bongo per se but like within the estate I wanted something that was more accessible and had facilities or amenities nearby. What is important for you? I think commute to work for one. I think that was the main thing that my partner and I were looking at. Yeah, based on space like that, commute to work is for the... I mean, but that's where you save on cost. And then you also stay near your parents? Correct, yeah. So, I stay within, just nice within the 4km radius, so I managed to get the proximity housing grant as well. Yeah, so I think I was just like within 100m, like if I throw a stone already, the stone won't get the ground. Okay, so since you all say you all paid less for a less ideal location, I want to know like how much did your house cost, like roughly? Mine was about $320,000 for a 4-room flat. Nice, nice. That's a good number. What about you? Around, it's similar to your cost, $370,000 plus. I'm quite envious when I hear all the retail prices. Mine is resale right, so I paid about close to half a million there about. For a 4-room. No, but then you get your flat faster also. Ya, you don't have to wait. It's true. I mean, you moved in already, but they're still waiting. We are still in the waiting, you know. We just see the model, then like happy happy. Then put on IGS, 5 years later, see you, that kind. Wah, I don't think I can eh, to like commit that and like you just see the model, I don't know. When you think about the cost, you can commit already. Thanks ah. So what about the cost for you? Okay, so I hear 300, I hear 500, then like I damn sin ah. Like am I stupid for doing this? Because you all have partners. I bought this as a single. So my place for studio apartment, which is damn tiny, is RM700. When I hear all of your amounts, it's like, oh my god, it's more than double of... I can buy two BTOs. Two 4RM flags. Wait, but where is it? You know. I think I should make more friends in the east. Alright, you can move here, change your BTO. No, no, no. Then I'll invite you all to the west also. I think people won't go. But okay, you can try. Let me know in 5 years, I'll put you on my account. Oh yeah, in my house only. If we're still I need to read the question. I'm speaking properly and you cannot register. Okay, who is A? I'm half-half eh. I cannot. Then you put your hand here. Why half half? Same price? So we are very used to having our own space. You know, I love living with my parents and I appreciate them for all that but I also really like having my own space so I don't think it's something that I can go back to. So I think we would still go for a resale. Actually, I think that's quite a great point because a lot of couples want that freedom also. Like for us, for me and my partner, sometimes we will just like randomly chat about things and we will think about how nice it is if we had our own space. Like now right? Yeah. Okay, so the situation around me getting my BTO was that it was a decision that we didn't expect to make because it wasn't a very ideal unit for her and she really like the dream home she envisioned wasn't like facing the car park on the fourth floor. Yeah, so why did your partner decide to like keep the flat? Okay, so after discussing for four months, right? I think one fine day she just woke up and she's like, you know what? Let's just try and make this home the best home we can. Then if even if we don't like it down the road if like she cannot stand like, you know, the car park noises or whatever, we will just find a new place to live lah. It's not like we have to commit to something at this point in our lives. It's the idea that you make your dream home, not that the dream home is given to you. So Pei Fang, would you rent before you get your BTO? I haven't really thought of that question. You think now? Just now when y'all were talking about it at the back of my head, like, wow, should I rent or not? Because a lot of people have asked me also. And they are like, five years, you will be like 30, 30 plus like in that time already. Then how to start a family, blah, blah, blah, kind of thing. You're too old for that. Then I'm like, thanks for the reminder. You didn't ask me for advice't ask him for advice or? At all. Like I don't know, maybe an alternative is to similar to Yuheng's case is my boyfriend will just come over and like be with me. I mean I haven't like brought up that topic and all cause it's not something that we are considering at that moment. You also haven't proposed yet. Yeah lor! Right! How can? Where's your proper? Where is your proposer? Okay, sorry. I haven't even like talked to him like. So, I think for Bella, she mentioned just now that she needs to pay 700K right, like in a lump, not really a lump sum but like. Yeah, she don't have that 700K but yeah. Yeah, correct. So, for us like at least we get like the EHG grant. Enhanced Housing Grant. So basically, it's a grant given by HDB for you to offset some of the costs of financing the house. I mean, your house costs like $700K right? So how do you afford it? I can't afford it. The video ends here. Sometimes I wonder too. I think it's a commitment that you decided on right? So there will be certain life changes. Like previously I always thought of you know every few years I would live a year overseas. But now with a house then you have to ask yourself you know can you afford it or like I must always have a job. But definitely like having such a big financial commitment is huge. Then just got to make adjustments to my lifestyle. I cancelled Disney Plus subscription. Sorry Disney Plus. Just really take note of every single month. Now I have a table of all my expenditure and all the loans I have to pay. I feel like a lot of people don't... I mean the people I know at least right, didn't think about that until they committed to a housing option. In the east? will be like, oh yeah, I can afford it. But then when they go for the housing option that they want, then they realize, oh, now I have to like change a lot to my life. If you haven't gotten a house, it's a good idea to start thinking about all of these things first. I wish I thought about that more. You're a planner. No, no, she is a planner. My partner is a planner. I wasn't. Yeah, because if she didn't kickstart the whole process of like, let's plan our finances right, I would have been a lot more anxious about my house. So the idea that, you know, we have to sit down and think about, okay, if we want to afford this, what should our life look like? What should our lifestyle be like. Or B, buy a starter home and upgrade at a later time. Wah, starter home like Minecraft leh. Minecraft. I think this is an A for me at the moment. Okay, buy your dream house and stay in the long run. As in my current situation is an A for me. Okay. But is that what you have chosen? I thought your dream house is Tiong Bahru, please? That's dream A, 1. Then this is dream A, 2. So still dream house? Still can consider dream house lah Happy for you I mean, Tiong Bahru is dream A1 because of the location Location is ideal But Jurong East is A2 because The location is not as ideal as Tiong Bahru but the height is great. Yes, so it's still considered dream. That's my definition. So why then? Why were you like this is starter? I mean, cost is a big thing obviously. Like for example her dream home, I said it's a condo right but given our current finances, it's a bit hard for us to look at a condo and be like, I want to buy it. Then your dream home? My dream home is, as long as it's nice and it has a very nice kitchen, I'm happy with it. But unfortunately, that also means there are a lot of condos right, because the kitchen is very small right. So we do have to like, weigh our pros and cons la. But happy wife, happy life. She want condo. Actually you should have said, for you, your home is where my babe is, that's home. Correct. My dream home is where my wife is. Where my future wife is. Trying to be boyfriend of the year. necessarily think about is the fact that waiting isn't a bad thing. Waiting means that you have time to build up your finances, you have time to progress in your career to a more stable place, so that when you actually get the house, you don't feel anxious about a lot of things. Okay, well Ben, you just recently moved in, so was it very exciting seeing everything done up like how you planned it to be? Yes, it's nice to be able to finally decorate and make something your own. You know everyone has a different idea of cozy. So for us, for my partner and I to make our living room what we consider cozy and our bedroom what we consider cozy is very nice. Before going to bed, I used to look at her. Now I look at the corner that I eat. But I look at her in the morning. So, as first-time house owners, what are you most excited about? I want to get a paypal. But I need to think. I haven't really thought about it. I think I was excited to host my first house party. I'm very excited about that too. The excitement is real. It's what you're excited about, not the decorating. No, that one. Then after that, when it's so nice already right, then you invite people to your house. Then you're like, wahhh. Look at people's house. Because I've been going to a lot of house parties. Same. I think it's having that space to yourself to be able to like, invite people over and I don't know, create memories in that house. Good vibes. So I think a lot of people definitely would want to get some advice if they can, you know, on the whole process of being a first-time house owner. So what's the most important advice you would actually give to people who are looking to get that first place? I think being a first-time homeowner can be quite daunting to a lot of people. And sometimes in the process of getting the house, you might feel like you'll never get what you want. What's more important is that as long as you learn how to manage the good-to-haves versus the must-haves right, you will still eventually get a nice place lah. A place that you can call your own. Yeah actually the ideal home that you have in your head is really just a concept right, at the end of the day. Yeah it's like if it fulfills your must-have then I think it's good enough. Yeah the ideal home is just a place for us to host house parties. I just want to add on also, like, cause everyone have different opinions about what an ideal home is, right? Like, for example, we have three Easties and one Westies, right? Then every time I get this, like, my house is like, huh, why the West, sir? Very good meh, the location. Then at the end of the day, I'll be like, uh, no, I like my current home. Like'm very curious about the West. Little we all go there, we have very high expectations. Yeah, I won't disappoint. No, the West won't disappoint y'all. I hope it has been great listening to the experience of different types of homeowners. If you have any questions, you can leave it in the comment section and I hope you enjoyed this episode. Thank you! Thank you! Bye!