 When I was at my peak, I spent most of what I earned. I got a nice hoodie. I owned a couple of luxury watches. During the lowest point of my life, I was homeless and I never tell anyone because I was very embarrassed. I would stay in East Coast for a couple of days and I'd go to Changi. But I was thinking of questioning to myself, you know, What can I do to get of creative work. I like to travel. I like images. I shoot everything. I go to bus stops, public areas, I just shoot randomly. I learn aesthetic from there. I don't go to film school, but I got lucky. In a way, because I meet the right people. So I met this Japanese boss, Modi. He sent me to Japanese construction in Singapore. At that point, I get quite good income because it's hard to penetrate Japanese construction. I never seen this kind of amount of money before. Financially, I'm not taught how to save money. My circle of friends, they come for money. So they go party, they have nice cars and so on. I was influenced by my surroundings. Then I got to watch Omega, Rolex. At one point, I was leading a good life. But life is not a bed of roses. After eight years, Modi passed on. Things got bad. Then COVID started, everything disrupted, especially the construction area. I was a freelancer for about a year plus. Projects were getting lesser and lesser, so I didn't have enough income. At the time, I sold everything. I didn't have any more camera. I have just enough money to buy a tent. Then with me, just a small little bag. Remember one time I called my mum. So my mum asked me, hey, where are you? How are you? I said, I'm good. I'm at my friend's place. Thinking maybe, hey, my son is doing quite good, you know? Yeah, somewhere, because I suddenly see my mum. I feel like I'm let down. At that point, I was really very hungry, you know? And people next to me, they are barbecuing. That is the saddest part of my life. One day, I feel like I'm let down. At that point, I was really very hungry. And people next to me, they are barbecuing. That is the saddest part of my life. One day, I feel a pain in my ear. When I close my eyes, I can see red, blue, purple, you know. So I didn't know actually that something is happening inside my head. I was watered, so I was diagnosed with a stroke. Due to my condition, it was very hard for me to apply for a job. When I was hospitalised, I met this social worker who connected me to nowhere. My first impression, I thought he was a young man. Because when he spoke to me, he sounded very jovial and energetic. He told me not to worry because he was there to guide me and help me revamp his personality, he's a fighter. He's a survivor. So he went to do Grab, he went to take on part-time jobs that comes his way. So this is something that I really admire him. When he shared with me his situation, I was able to empathise with him. And I guess that also helped him to move on because he had a listening ear and from there he can work towards getting employment. Most of my life, I'm alone. I'm on my own. You know, it's like a heaven sent when Noel called me because at that time, I was quite desperate. One thing that I noticed is he has grown in terms of his confidence. And what I see is along the way he bounces back faster from adversity. With the help of NOEA, I landed a job. So this is actually much needed for me to support myself. The way I describe my life is like a roller coaster because there'll be a lot of ups and a lot of downs. But you have to be kind to yourself and acknowledge your weakness and have faith. So I accept my situation now. I cannot get back whatever I lost in the past. So what I can do is just look ahead and make my life better. Now I'm looking forward to my coming BTO. I always wanted to have my own home. So I'm very happy and I'm looking forward to be living in that house. My name is Rafi and I'm 51 years old. And I'm doing my best in life.