 People ask me a lot, why don't I just go and become like this super high-paid lawyer and then donate a lot of money to refugees. It's not like my dream was always to be a hawker or to sell coffee at a hawker centre. I didn't even drink coffee. The only reason I did this was to create livelihoods for refugees in Thailand. Usually, I have to get to the depot shop by around 7 plus, 7.30am. I've got to pick up all the ingredients that Ah Mui needs for the day like that bread, that coffee beans and load it up into the car and then drive it off to Ah Mui. If I see like this, on the way I'll be like, oh, today's no day. You'll wonder like, if there'll be any customer at all, that kind of thing. Hello! is going to the refugee who did the artwork on this cup. It's actually just black and white when it's printed in Thailand, then it's sent directly to these refugees who we are working with. They colour in. Every single one of our cups will be unique because it's actually coloured by someone different. We try to commission enough stickers every month. So 300 stickers every month works out to $3,000. And that is the average price of rent in outer Bangkok. Actually, before I started started Macroaster, I didn't even drink coffee. I was a lawyer and all of my lawyer friends who pulled all-nighters, they would drink coffee right? I'm hoping that Macroaster creates a machine that converts the existing consumerism in Singapore into meaningful livelihoods for refugees. I don't want it to always just be aid and donations that are sustaining them. No one wants to queue up for three hours or no one wants to go there and have to prove how poor things they are to get the bag of rice. Hi! Thank you so much! People ask me why refugees specifically, right? I think there was a time in my life where I really needed help and I needed someone to speak up for me and to fight for me because I was too weak to do it for myself. And that period of time, I also heard a lot about refugees. It resonated a lot with me, what they're going through. Because no one will believe their story, no one will help them. And that's why I want to help. I realised that for a lot of them, they don't have the legal right to work. The more pressing need was pay rent, buy food for their children. And I felt that it would be more useful for me to focus my attention on livelihoods. And that's how I ended up with Marista. Everything okay ah? I go back there first. Bye bye! Brioche making process is very long actually. We take around 6 to 8 hours. I mean sometimes I'll think about it, maybe you just buy from wholesaler, you know? Like Deli France, then you just be like second seller. But I think it will affect, because we're already known for all this stuff so can't really change the menu now. People will realise. Nothing. Sorry got no customer for you to film. Like for me I'm more of a worrier but I think my dad knows so much so he'll just be like, oh there's seasons. Whereas for me, I will like stress at every like whenever it's done I'll just be like, oh my gosh, no. My normal life last time. Every lunch, I will go to the gym which costs me like I think maybe $200 a month right. After my gym, I'll go and buy this $7 chai latte. And I would have been like, walao, this is $7, this is crazy. But I would still do it every single day. Yeah, sometimes people ask me if I miss my old job, right? I do miss being an employee. If anyone is an employee, stay an employee. Don't become an employer. Because I've never experienced living so close to the margin before, right? Mentally under a lot more uncertainty and that feeling of not knowing if you can cover this mental stress is what the refugees that I work with go through every day of their life. I think one of the reasons that I continue even though it was a pretty hard time was, okay we're supporting 11 refugees, if I have to feel like this every day, this like mental stress, I can imagine 11 people have to feel like that without our programmes. The only reason I'm still here is because I feel like there's a bigger purpose to this shop. The more cups we sell, the more refugees we can onboard to our programme. Every cup matters. Every cup is literally like someone is behind the artwork on your cup and it's their life that you are like helping out.