 Then when they were done, they opened best hall, Hall 16. Wow wow, competitive! I was in NUS, I am in NUS, and I lived in KR and N house. So for me, I stayed in Residential College. So it's somewhat like a hall, but it's in Newtown. They have their own program, I stayed in Camuso. That's where all the nerds are at. Fair. But the nerds are cool, the nerds are real cool. So moving on, let's talk about your own personal hall experience. So what, like the rooms you stay in, and also like, do you have any like, stories to share about like, roommates or like, hall stories in hall? I stay in a double room, so for NTU I think it's good, cause you can actually choose your roomie before you go in. So thankfully I chose like, my friend, and we are still friends ah. So, that's a good thing. That's a a duo. Because having a roommate right, your dynamic with them completely changes. It tests the friendship. There are stories of people who like, stop being friends with their roommates. For my first two years, I stayed with a roommate. And then in my remaining time in hall, I stayed in a single room. So you like single or double better? I enjoy staying in a double room because I always had a roommate, and it didn't get very lonely. On the other hand, a single room is great also because things can go my way easier. In terms of the clean up, in terms of access to my room. Access to my room. So, you know, you know. I feel like there's some hidden message behind all these. I lived in Cambridge for one year. Year 1, Sem 2 and Year 2, Sem 1. And then when I did NOC, that was Year 2, Sem 2. And that was when I stayed in PGP. I lived in a single room, because they only have single rooms. And then in the evening, when the sun shines through my windows... Wah, the room sounds nice. It's in there? It's super nice. And then I had all these fake flowers. I stuck them around my bed frame. So like, it was just the dreamiest room I ever had. I think for me, I had the best of both worlds. Like, which is a single room, but also having the company of other people, because I stay in a suite that has like a shared common area. But you cannot choose your suitemates. Ya, so you you just hangs weh whether you get good roommates or not. For my first year, the roommates I stayed with were all seniors, so we were just like, high-bye. But I was very, very lucky when I was year 2, all people that I could click with. So they're still my closest friends up till now. And then like, 2 of them were exchange students who I still keep in contact with. Do you have any juicy roommate gossip stories to share? I know of this couple, that always appears in my friend's IG stories. 7pm something, they will be outside the door. So they always wake up for like, I think a good 5 minutes, before they go into the room. Oh my god, but actually building on that right, it's like the swing into other buildings. Okay, so RC is like, the buildings are all built very near each other, like HDBs right. So, if you're on the top floor of this RC, you can look down into the lower floor of another RC. People don't realise that, and then they leave their blinds open. So my friend one time, he was like, guys I looked out my window and I just saw this couple having sex. I was like, what? And then he was like, everybody is talking about it in the chat, and it's damn bad. Because like, how do you tell them also what right? Guys just be aware and close your blinds. I think it's a very important rule. I didn't see anything with my own eyes, but that's what I heard. I think the walls are quite thin. The walls are thin. So when people study too hard, sometimes they can be hurt. When they study, this thing damn hard. Damn hard. Damn hard. Then I'm like, okay then. I get what you mean by thin walls. It was my friend's room. I walked past her door and then I heard like... Oh my god! Then I put my ear. Then I... I stood with my door open. Then I leaned against the doorframe like that. Wait for them. So how long do you wait? This girl damn too creepy ah. Then when they were done, they open the door, I'm like, hey. Oh my god, I got it. They just laugh at me and tell me to go away lor. So moving on to hall activities, what are some of the activities that you guys participated in? So, the way it works in halls, at least for NUS, is that if you want to stay on, you need to accumulate points. And to accumulate points, you need to participate in events, functions run by either your block or your hall. So, I didn't join anything. I'm not particularly proud about it because I feel like hall is a great way to pick up new things and new skills, which I didn't get to experience for myself because I was very busy stalking beyond school. So So I couldn't really accumulate points. But because I spent a lot of time with my blockmates, they helped me to stay on for the next semester. So I think for RC, we have the same things, but we call them like interest groups, at least in Tempuso. One of the groups that I think my friends started was T-Freedom, which is the LGBTQ plus group, that supports a lot of the LGBTQ plus people in the hall itself, in the busu itself. That's something that I feel makes the busu a little bit different, in terms of like what we offer. I spent a lot of time in NUS Dance, so like the club, the NUS club itself. The biggest thing that I did was to take my hall dance. At the start of the year, there will be a dance competition, where all halls will compete together. So that was really fun. And also, I think hall is a very good place actually to try something you've never tried before. In terms of commitments and roles, I joined as a group leader for orientation camp. I was also in the hall committee. Something I like about NTU is we have this thing called IHG. So it's Inter-Hall Games. And there are a lot of different kind of sports and recreational activities. What is your biggest culture shock when you entered hall? For hall that's like a shared pantry right, and that's where you realise some people are super gross. We have microwave ovens, and there are stories of people who use the oven to dry their socks. Eeeeeee! Pro tip if you stay in the older halls, please don't use the microwave oven. Sometimes even the urinal is quite high right, sometimes it's like, 3 feet 10 on top. I don't know how it got there. I think the biggest culture shock for me right, was the partying culture. Especially at the start of the semester, then they are just always like, you want to go out to drink, you want to drink in my room. Even though it is strictly banned, and people get into so much trouble, and they started to clamp down very strongly towards the end of my hall stay. Oh, also the sex culture. So I heard of how there are WhatsApp chats in hall, that are just for hookups. It's a rumour. Nobody has actually seen the chat. Oh you have? Anyway... Okay! I mean so far I have not seen the chat, but you know, little birdies that have told us about these things. Don't give in to peer pressure. If people around you are doing things that you don't believe in, don't do it. Just be your own person. I don't know about you, but I know like in NUS, if something happens, the whole hall know about it the next day, that kind of thing. Just be aware of your actions. I think although there's a lot of weird stories about hall, and weird things that's going on, I still really enjoyed my stay, because it really gave me a chance to learn how to live on my own. And another big takeaway is definitely the friends that I've made, because there are people who have seen you at your worst, there are people who you can just randomly knock at the door, and then go inside to talk if you feel down or anything. I think the biggest takeaway for me would also be my friends. These are the people who have been there for you because they are so accessible and at the same time they are also very like, I would say very like-minded in a way. Independence is one of the biggest takeaways that you're gonna get. Because for the first time in my life, I had a place to call my own, and everything that was within this little space right, belonged to me! And it felt so good. It inspired me to want to work towards that again, to someday be able to look at a place and say that I own this place. The biggest takeaway for me is that, staying in RSE or even hall right, made my whole uni experience a lot easier. Yeah, because I had something to go back to all the time after like a very long day of classes, and like friends who can kind of empathise with what I'm going through. And also second thing I think is a lot about taking initiative and learning how to like, start up your own project and lead your own projects in HAL. Yeah, because a lot of times you don't have the opportunity to do that outside. So last question will be, any advice to the fellow people who are entering HALL in August? I think anything like what they mentioned before, stay true to yourself. But I think still go inside with a very open mind. Because there's a lot of new experiences you're going to enter into. There's a lot of new things you can try, new friends you can make. So I think it's going to be a very exciting time nonetheless. I completely agree with whatever she has said. Remember to have fun also. Because some people, they just have hall to just study, or there's a place for them to rest after school and whatnot. But they sometimes forget about the fun aspect of uni life. While you're having fun, I feel like the fun element, people might overemphasise on that sometimes as well. So those who get very into all the activities, it might become very overwhelming for you. And just find your support system, know who you can rely on and who you can talk through all your struggles with, and it will help you a lot through your new journey. I think my biggest advice is prioritise your time. Because that's something a lot of people don't realise. You know that whole triangle, everyone wants to study, sleep and socialise. Then people always choose to study and socialise, and then they don't get enough time for themselves. I think that's something very important. Don't lose yourself in HALL. Prioritising your own mental health is key to having a great life. Right? Yeah!