 On the dating apps, people will... The guys will ask me, Oh, so you work in the CBD as well? Truthfully, I also work in the CBD. Yeah, yeah, the lunch always very busy in Hawker Centre. Then we get to the point where they will finally ask me about my profession and then I'll just have to tell them. My name is Fei Sai. And I run a small coffee store in Amoy Street Food Centre called Coffee Break. I think my friends in the beginning, they dontime job ah? Your income enough ah? And most times when they find out that I have a bachelors, they'll be like, oh, so why are you still in a hawker centre? Very deliberately, my bachelors is targeted towards this business. Thank you. So I'm actually a major in marketing. It does help in improving the business like our point of sale system, our staffing system. Before I started as a kopi hawker, I was actually a full-time athlete. So I used to play beach volleyball for Singapore. The pressures of playing on court versus having to deal with a lunchtime slam with a team behind you has many similarities. So usually our lunch crowd starts coming in at about 12pm. So we're already preparing for a war. It's like a battlefield. I have to depend on my teammates. Hot, hot, hot, sir. Hot Earl Grey, no sugar. Alright, thank you! Last time in Beach Volleyball, we were signalled like 2, 1, you know, behind our backs. And it's more efficient. So same, we also have a lot of short forms in writing our orders because when someone orders a kopi gao xiu dai ga si bua xiu you know, you cannot spell out the entire... So you have to short-handhanded lor. We had a customer since my dad's time. When we first started out, he actually told us, Faye, your coffee actually really sucked from the start. But it's because I believe in your father and I believe in his children. That's why I gave you guys a chance and stuck by you. We weren't always good when we first started out. And I'm very thankful for regulars who stuck by us. And that's what we need. I just think it's quite special. Bye! I do see myself doing this for the rest of my life. I enjoy the service, the rush, the adrenaline that comes every time I walk a slam. When I'm older, probably my heart cannot take it. But until I cannot, I will keep doing it. you