 We will therefore refine the processing of WorkPaths applications for EP. Currently, in processing EP applications, we assess only the individual-related criteria, their qualification, their experience, their salary. Going forward, we will also be looking at three additional factors. They are company-related, so not just individual-related criteria, but also company-related. And the assessment will be carried out by TAAFED, Trapatai Alliance for Fair and Progressive Employment Practices. First assessment, how strong is the Singaporean core in this company today? Majority of the companies, as I mentioned earlier, in the same industry have healthy Singaporean core, but they are outliers, significantly weaker than the industry norms. Second assessment, with a weak Singaporean core today, do they have any firm commitment to nurture and strengthen the Singaporean core for the future? Thirdly, and finally, in consultation with relevant economic agencies, we assess how relevant are these double weak companies, weak Singaporean core, weak commitment to nurture Singaporean core, how relevant are these double-wick companies, Wick Singapore Wing Corp, Wick Commitment to Nurture Singapore Wing Corp, how relevant are these double-wick companies to our economy and society? If they are not here, how much will we be affected? And if the answer is not much, then they are what we call the triple-wick company. Wick in Singaporean core, weak in commitment, at the same time, weak in economic linkage and social impact. Mr Patrick Tay has shared his concern regarding these triple weak companies, which are our targets for closer scrutiny. At TARFAC's recommendation, they will be placed on our watchlist, not because we are anti-foreigner, but because their behaviour has added to the deepening of local-foreign divide in our Singapore workforce. If left unchecked, the sentiment of two-thirds versus one-third will continue to grow. It will weaken the unity, the cohesion and I think eventually the overall competitiveness of Singapore. Now for those triple weak companies with no progress made, at the recommendation of TAFAD, their work pass privileges can be suspended. Renewal of existing EPs, processing of new EPs application will be affected. Curtailment of workplace privilege will have serious consequences on their continuing operations and growth in Singapore. So we hope they will take corrective actions, move out of the triple-week list, don't just grow their business here, but treat Singaporeans fairly too, and help build a stronger Singaporean core in their companies and industries.