 Ms Yeo Wan Ling OSLP, our Singapore Leadership Programme last year. This was a programme as a pilot for about 50 Sec 4 students from MOE schools and madrasas. It took place in December 2022. All the student leaders who participated in this inaugural OSLP came from different schools. In other words, we had 50 of, I think it was about 53 different participants from 53 different schools. Leader is defined broadly and some were heads of student councils, some were participants in their dance groups and others captains of their sports teams or members of the uniform groups. Leaders defined in a very broad, inclusive fashion. We brought them together. They came together to reflect on and discuss issues which confront Singapore. They talked about grapple with trade-offs and complexities of policy designs and they also expanded on their network of friends, people that they can talk to, connections that they can make, forge new friendships. We found this program very successful and we want to give more youth an opportunity to take part in this program. From 2023, we will expand the program to nominated Sec4 students from all MOE schools and madrasas in Singapore. For students from the Institutes of High Learning, NYC will develop a new leadership programme and more details will be shared when ready. Mr Tse-Hsiao-Chen has pointed out, and I agree with him, there is value in having and promoting active citizenry, volunteerism and collaboration, and these traits must continue to underpin our society and our social compact. Beyond youths, we are encouraging individuals and corporates to play an even more active role in coming together, work for the social good, leverage on corporate purpose and uplift our communities. We will therefore expand and deepen the capabilities of our SGCARES volunteer centres. We will resource them better so that they in turn can support the various social service agencies that are under their watch and they are working with. And we can better channel volunteers and donations in kind to meet unmet needs. We will also support businesses in their efforts to be a force for good for society as they design their business practices and operations in ways that benefits their employees, their stakeholders and of course the wider community that they serve. Mos Albin will share more details when he speaks.