 Hi, my name is Jacqueline. I'm a mother of three girls. Two of my elders are a set of twins with autism. The two elders, one, Cheryl and Eunice. There was once, I brought them for a para canoe try and instead of staying in a canoe to try out they jumped into the pool and had a 30-minute swim instead. The journey to the para canoe trial was very far. It was from the most west to the east. And after a while, I see that they are smiling, they are playing happily. Actually, it makes me feel it's still worth it. What would you almost feel as well? In the initial stages, I wasn't able to understand them. Why are you crying? Why are you crying so hard? Everything that I have, even my laptop I work and then I fell asleep. When I wake up, all the keys are gone, you know. My girl would practically peel off every single key. And I was like, how many $2,000 do I have to buy a new laptop? Those were the times that really drive me nuts. I cannot even live normally. Some of them are really up to the state that I really do not know what to do. And the thought of a suicider has always come to my mind. At work, I'm an employee. At home, I have many missed opportunities and that actually sets me wanting to give all that to my children so that they can grow up the way that I dream I could grow up with. I would picture motherhood to be someone who actually bring her kids to enrichment classes, go to good primary and on weekends, we can go out for meals, shopping. During school holidays, we can go on vacation together. I thought that would be Jacqueline's life but life is not like that for me. I was in denial until when they were about eight years old my pedestrian told me this very strong statement At the time when I heard that description I was angry. I don't think my child is mentally retarded. They, very good. Over the past 20 years a lot of ups and downs in upbringing my girls but myself, I felt that my mental health and mental strength is growing stronger. I have grown so much that I don't always rely on external factors to tell me what I'm doing is right or wrong. So even though I know this thing I do, I may regret it later on, but I feel that this is the best way. I will do it. And later on I regret it, I will say, yes, I have tried. Yeah, I think that is the biggest strength that I have, I have acquired in this journey.