 I think like last year, somebody DMed me like, Hi, can I tell you something? Your photos are on like a similar SG Narsella Mug group kind of thing. I said like, do you have any screenshots? So the person said, no, there's no screenshots, but I can send you the link to join. But it was a very suspiciously long link. And they said, you have to input your phone number. I was like, right? And then I saw like know what prompted me to decide to check my credit card statement which I check only like once every month or so right and then I saw like thousand plus plus plus deducted on my credit card and then I check my debit card and for some reason like a few other thousands deducted so I called them and they were like okay immediately you know cancel all your cards we will like return you the money just like file your claims and whatever. So, yeah. Wah, that's scary eh. But you got your money back? I did. I think the probably the scariest part was that I didn't know where it came from or what was the source of like... Like you don't know how they got the numbers and the address right? Correct. Because I mean, usually you use your phone for everything nowadays right? Like you link your cards to your phone and then you use your phones to like buy things from like shops, you scan here, scan there. So I think maybe it's through that but like there's really no way to verify right so... Right, yeah no I've seen like recent posts about people who download apps and then those like apps in turn track your bank movements or something like yeah. Oh I'm very scared now. Oh my gosh, I better go and look at my't know if y'all saw on the news. I saw. Yeah, basically this 60-year-old woman, she saw an ad of this QR code that was scanned for free bubble tea. So she scanned it, and when she woke up in the morning, I think $20,000 was taken from her bank account. But it's exactly what Wendy said, right? For bubble tea. In one night. Because the software had access to her bank account details. I would have fallen for that. Really? The bubble tea thing? I've downloaded many things for free. Like what? Like what? Okay, so far there's been no scams. But if a shop tells me, just download this app or just fill in this survey for a free drink or free toppings at a bubble tea store, I've done everything. Allegedly, the woman who scanned the QR code for the free bubble tea, even though it was at the bubble tea shop, the bubble tea shop said it wasn't by them. She didn't even get her free bubble tea. She lost $70,000. So, apparently, what I read that you can do to protect yourself is that if you are downloading an app, you need to make sure that you are downloading from the proper app stores, which is like Apple App Store and Google Play Store. Make sure you check that the developer details are real. And then if you have already downloaded the app, what you need to do is to turn your phone to airplane mode, turn off Wi-Fi and then run an anti-scam application just to make sure like everything is good. You should also check whether you have any unauthorized bank transactions that has been done through another device. Yeah, I hear now that the banks are actually rolling out this new measure to lock a certain amount that you have digitally like in a like a vault almost. So it can't be digitally transferred out. But if you want to like money, you have to probably go in person, like to an ATM or a branch to do it yourself. Do that big transfer. So have you ever fell for any or encountered any phishing scams? I think last year, somebody DMed me, like, Hi, can you tell me something? Your photos are on a similar SG Narsella mark group kind of thing. And obviously, I was so scared. Even if you don't send any explicit pictures to people, or you don't take it in general, you know what I mean? Cancel edit or something, right? Yeah, correct. There's this fear, like, did somebody record me in a changing room? I said, do you have any screenshots? Because that's the first thing you'll do, right? So the person person said no, there's no screenshots, but I can see in the link to join and I said, oh, yes, please I thought it would be like maybe what's a good chair or the something but it was a very Suspiciously long link with no We've not a common domain name or it's happening. So it's okay went in and I said you have to put your phone number. I was like, why? Why isn't this just a Telegram group chat? Why? Like, it's so difficult to judge. Yeah, usually people are like that. Then I put 1, 2, 3. Now I was like, a bit suspicious already. So I said, it didn't work. He said, you have to put a real number. I was like, how do you know I didn't? You know what I mean? That's so creepy. Yeah, so I was like, okay, this is very suspicious. I asked around, I posted on my Instagram story, I saw a lot of people came and said like, it's a scam, don't fall for it. It's interesting though, like how they take the weak spot and then they attack it. You know, where you're vulnerable and then they just... And it's so common for these things to happen in Singapore in terms of like, spreading pictures around, you know. So girls always fear it's so scary and to exploit it it's just very evil yeah the message itself was crafted in a very friendly and personal way like I'm hi there's a there's pictures of you going around this is very important could you check your messages kind of thing so it's like okay the conversations float very personal like it was really somebody talking to me. Dang. Well, nowadays, I tell you, scams not only evolve with technology, but like what you said, how they prey on people's vulnerabilities and emotions as well to kind of get money out of them. Basically, someone approached this person to say that they have a job offer. They're from Job Street. And then, they asked the person to give a sum of money with promised returns. I think you've heard of this. This case actually happened to my actual friend. I have a very close friend of mine that went through this. It sounds exactly the same. So it's through telegram. It's telegram like a like a conversation kind of thing. She was quite skeptical initially, but once she transferred right, and then she saw the returns and there's this trust building basis that you go through right, and once you realize that actually money quite easy to earn ah, so you would dare to invest a little more. She continued to invest, continued to give until one day the return didn't come back. Yeah, was when it got really bad and they didn't get back to her. And that was when she realised, oh my god, this is a scam. Because this is it, I just got scammed. Because it's 20k, it boils up to 20k, it's a lot of money. Did they get? She didn't, 20k gone. All they can do is make a police report about it. Damn jia la. Do y'all feel that you will fall for something like that? Or will y'all blame yourselves if you do? I was going to say, I think previously I used to think like, aiya, I know only old people fall for scam. But no leh, I think increasingly, with the scam tactics, with the rise, the human touch. I don't want to say that I would never, I think there's a high possibility that it might happen. I hear that there's some ways that you can prevent these job scams, which is basically, if a company approaches you, you should do background research on the company. Also, don't pay to secure a job offer. Yeah, because I think it's a bit weird. Don't fall for this like too good to be true. Like, um, you Do something small and then you get a quick buck and don't give out your personal details like your phone number Yeah, so I think that's how you kind of at least like these you can just think of these things. Yeah, yeah, yeah This is app called Scamshield. The fox icon right? You've used it before. Oh, I have it on to normalise conversation. I was watching TikTok and then I saw a video of this girl who was talking about how she got scammed by this like rental, Facebook marketplace rental posting. So basically what happened was that she saw a posting on Facebook and then she contacted the agent because she was interested in interviewing. So the agent was like, okay, yeah, I know available for you to come down today. But I'm not free so I get my PA to bring you. So I was like, okay, yeah, sure. So she went with the PA to go and see the house. Like an actual person? Like an actual person. Oh my god. Very equal to an actual house. Okay. She was like, oh yeah, very nice, location very good, price not bad. Then she was like, okay, I push my luck. Ask for like a slightly lower monthly fee. Then the agent very quickly, yeah, I can, can,. No problem, no problem. No fight. She was like, no fight. Then she was like, okay, a bit sus. They started to like, oh yeah, can quickly sign, you know. Like if you like it today, then we sign it today. Which is very like, usually it doesn't really happen that way. Yeah, you need some discussion. Correct. And there's a bit of back and forth. What she did was that she went to ask one of her friends who's a real estate agent to go and check their real estate agent depository, repository of agent numbers to see if that agent is real. In the end, couldn't find. She's like, it's a scam. So in the end, didn't sign and she got away. Yeah. But dang... That's high level. Speaking of shopping online, I was on Instagram scrolling and then this ad came up for a moon lamp. Basically, a lamp shaped like a moon. Okay. It's quite cute lah. Like... I would... I would stand it up. It's like... Wah, so like can change colour and all that right? So I was like, oh my god, it looks so nice. It's like white and yellow. Yeah! I'm happy. It's like me. So I was like, oh my god, I want to buy. One week later, I think I was checking and then I realised, eh, I have no news about my lamp coming, right? Then I went to find the... I told you I got a receipt or something but I remember where I bought the thing from. So I went to search online, like this website and it didn't exist. But did you like check for reviews? No, I didn't. Oh my god. I just like, moon lamp. I have to have it. I have to have this moon lamp. Put in my card details. My house and jet. I want the moon. Then I was like, oh my god. Then I went to check my bank account to see if there was like any other transactions. But I mean, didn't have lah. It was just that moon lamp that was deducted. Then I was like, oh damn. Thank god it was just that one item. So if you shop online or on any e-commerce website, please remember to check reviews. And I think use safe payment methods. Don't be like, don't be an imposter. Must read reviews lah. Must read reviews. Yeah, I think reviews lah. Nowadays I read a of reviews. To see like... I mean, okay, hearing all the stories shared today, realise that everyone of us has kind of... Eh, no, actually, except for you. Thank you! People always say I look scammable, but I am very diligent in checking things. I think, out of everything that we've shared today, it really pays to be safe, than sorry. And apparently there's like three tips to not fall for a scam or to prevent yourself from falling for a scam. Such an educational episode. Yeah, it is. What is it? It's ACT. The acronym, A-C-T. Wow. ACT. Yeah. One is, A is AD. ScamShield Ad. Oh, AdScamShield. Oh, my favourite app! Your favourite app. It's really good. And then C is to check for scam signs with official sources. So I know like, you know sometimes like, you receive news like, about okay there's this kind of scam going around or like the banks will tell you like there's this kind of scam going on. Don't fall for it. So just check with official sources for these news. Maybe like Google just to verify. Yeah, scam signs. So the last one is to tell the authorities, your friends and families about these scam encounters. So don't keep it to yourself. Yeah, so like what Mlennis did. Basically whatever you... Actually you've been doing it very well. You've been acting exemplary. Yeah, so. So this has been a very educational episode of Tea Talks. I've learnt quite a bit. Learned a lot. And we'll see you guys on the next episode. Till the next one. Bye! I almost dabbed.