 Your bones are brittle, you should not climb A lot of people will tell you at 67, it's dangerous When I reach the top, I have lots of claps and then they will... Then I'll tell them... Almost every gym that I go, they know I'm Auntie Dolly I don't mind that because I think Auntie is a saviour of wisdom. When I was in my early 50s, I was having a back problem. She saw me doing stretching and then she said, Since you're stretching, why don't you go and stretch on the wall? She taught me the way to climb. Very fierce. Very fierce. Very fierce. Anything wrong only, not that late! Sometimes she said, you're like an elephant on the wall. When I started, I have height phobia. I try not to look down. I look up. I was worried like my mum might fall, like scrape her wrist, hit her head. I think that was my worst fear. But once she got to a certain height, I was like, okay, pay me $1 million before I let you down. Yeah, and if I don't finish, she won't let me down. When you reach the top, you find that you have accomplished something. I learned to be more confident. Until now, I don't have backaches. It also overcomes my height phobia. Right now, any hanging bridge you give me, no problem. My first climb to outdoor was in Taiwan. You don't feel like you're climbing that high up. You find that, oh, the scenery is so nice. I was very fortunate to have good friends around that climbs with me. So I brought my mum along. Now they go on holidays, they go without me. When I hang out or climb with her friends, I don't think I am any older than them. You can do it, I can do it also. One thing I learnt from Auntie Dolly is to have a towel on my harness and bedroom slippers when I climb so that my feet don't get dirty. I think she's become socially younger. I know not many young ones think that the old ones are worth mixing with. They find they are naggy. But her friends are all very sweet. They are always eager there to help you. I may slowly, slowly slow down but I will not give up. In fact, I climb with two senior climbers. Both are older than me. It's a matter of you stepping out of your comfort zone only. Yeah, I think anyone can climb. I'm 18 and if I can climb, anyone can climb. She doesn't look to crush the hardest route but also to support people when they climb. She pushes boundaries. I'm proud of my mother. It's the first time I hear from her that she looks up to me.