 She was like, Afiqah, do you want to see a surprise? Then she did this for a skirt, and she said, look underneath story I'm about to tell you has a title. The title is, It all started when I was hanging out with this guy at his house. So we were just playing video games and stuff. Nothing suspicious, okay? We were just playing video games. After a while, I went the toilet la, just to do normal toilet stuff. Then I realised, oh need to change my pad. So I just, you know, I started changing my pad. You know how girls like the pad, they will take the pad and then they will like wrap it in toilet paper, then they will throw it away. So I had my little pad in toilet paper ball, just I was holding it. Then I looked around, and I was like, there's no bin here. There's no dustbin anywhere inside. In my head I was like, this guy has a surround sound gaming system. He has a walk-in wardrobe, but he doesn't have a dustbin in his toilet? And then he's like outside, he's like, and I'm like, I don't want to tell him that I have nowhere to throw my pad. So I really sat in there for 10 minutes trying to figure out what to do. And then eventually, somehow, somewhere, I got a plastic bag. And then I stuffed it into my plastic bag, and then I tie up, and then I like, shoved it in my pocket. Then I was like, I came out of the toilet and I was like, haha, I need to go home now. Then he was like, what? Then I was like, bye! Then I YouTube myself out of there. If you are a male viewer, you are watching this video and you are male, can you tell me, do you have a dustbin in your toilet? Like, I'm perplexed. I was staying over at my current fiancé's place. So at that time, he was my boyfriend and I stained his bed. His mum is the one that does the laundry. Like, he will change it, he knows how to change it, but the laundry is all her because you know, like old people, they have their own way of doing laundry right? So, bo pian, had to go through her. My now mother-in-law, she changed my bedsheet with my blood. But she didn't judge me or any teacher said, Oh okay, then she just like changed. So like, she was really really nice about it. I wanted to die. TLDR, I stained my boyfriend's bed. I was so traumatised by it, I can even remember the exact date. It was New Year's Day. The 1st of January. We were sleeping, and then I woke up because I felt like my down there wet. And then I was like, shit, did I wet the bed? Then I looked like, blood lah. Plus right, it wasn't like a small red dot. It was... Then my boyfriend's house, the sink, is outside the toilet. Not in the toilet. So I cannot close the door. So I was in the kitchen, openly scrubbing my blood-stained bedsheets, and then his mum walked out of her room. She opened the door, then she very happily tell me, Good morning, Charmaine. Then I was like, Good morning, auntie. Then she, what happened? Then I like, I stained Axel's bed lah! Oh my god. She never scold me, an overseas trip with my classmates. The P5 overseas trip. It was to Nanjing, China. It was my first time away from my parents alone, together with my friends. Then, on the day itself, when I got on the school bus, I fell asleep. The next thing I knew, from one part of Singapore all the way to Changi Airport, my whole pants, when I woke up, it was a blood bath. It was just red. And I was like, Oh my god, why did you all just get killed or something? What the heck is going on? Then I realised, oh shit, it's my period. When I stood up, I felt so bad because I got the blood stain on the bus seat. It's not the leather kind, you know, where you can just use wet tissue to wipe. It's the cushion kind, you know, where it will soak up. Then I think I tried to take like some tissues or whatnot. I really tried to wipe whatever I could. Then I took the pad, then I ran to the toilet, then I threw away all the tissues, then I went in the cubicle, I took out my jeans and I looked at it, I was like, oh my god, this is like a blood bath eh. It was so disgusting. It was like one of my heaviest periods. I don't know why. For a P5 girl, I was like 11 eh. Why did so much blood come out of me? I took the bidet, then I spray, I spray water, or I took some wet tissue, I really go and spray. Then I go and churn my jeans out at the toilet bowl to make sure everything was dry. Obviously I cannot walk out of the cubicle half naked right. So I think I wore back my jeans. And then you know the hand dryer? I just stood under there. And I just keep putting my hand there right, so that it knows that they can censor my hand. And I stand there and let my jeans dry. With my butt like that. Then with the hand dryer just dry my jeans. And then I went back to meet my classmates. As if nothing happened. I don't have any specific period horror stories. But every time I sneeze during my period, it's just like a... Niagara Falls. Just the latest period I had. Somebody made me laugh damn hard. And I was like... In secondary school, my school uniform was all white which is a recipe for disaster especially when you're a girl going through puberty and then you don't know how to handle yourself. It was a beautiful assembly morning. I did not wear a pad that was like long enough to cover my ass. You know the kind of pad right, it's like I think when you're a younger you always try to wear that kind of pad because you know you active or like you sit down that kind of thing then you my school uniform was completely white. And last time, I remember my mother used to say, Wah, white uniform, damn troublesome. Very, very easy stain. And you know what? That's exactly what happened. It was a Saturday some more. That day just happened, we had to go back to school for some school anniversary celebration or something. So can you imagine right? The whole freaking school is in the auditorium. And then, there was a point in time where I think the guest of honour or some important person walked into the building. Then everyone need to stand to clap right? The moment I stand, my classmate from the back she turned to me then she, Oh my god, your skirt got stain. I like, no la no la, I think you trolling me la, no la no la. Then she, no no no no, I damn serious. Then I like, The worst part is in front of the few rows of people that were behind me right, I still need to like run to the nearest toilet, which is freaking far by the way. And then I had to like explain to my teachers like, cause some important person talking in front, then you imagine like this child like trying to run out from the back. Then teacher like, can you like sit down just like that, the person talk fish. Then I say, no no no no no, you don't understand. I got sickle now, I got sickle right now. So I, then I ran out. I mean, at that point in time, it's not possible to hide it from anybody. But also like, you're 13 and like, nobody really cares. So when I remember I need to go to toilet, and then it was quite packed, so there's only like one cubicle left. Then when I went in, I was like, why does it smell so funny? So I look over, the bin was full with pad. And then you can see right, some pad is not even wrapped with the tissue paper you know? But you can see the red spot and the black stuff. Yeah la, then it was damn gross la, it's like stacked and you cannot close. And on top of that right, it still got one pamper you know? And it's soaked. When I talk about this, I still remember the smell of the pamper but... A horror story I would say is when I was in the toilet, changing my pad. So they're like period panties, where the material is a bit like silicone-ish. Because of that material, it's very loud when you remove the pad. So I could hear my seniors outside laughing at me when I was changing my pad. Wah, this girl change her pad damn loud ah, the whole world also know. So, I felt very embarrassed at that point of time, to be called out in a sense for changing my pad so loudly. So I think I waited in the toilet for about 10 minutes, and I was very cautious when I left, because I wanted to make sure that they went back all the way to their classroom, before I even leave the toilet, just in case, you know, I don't know, maybe they they wait for me outside to see who is this girl changing her pet so loudly. I can't control the sound, just changing my pet and like, you know, so man-straight right? Like, I've been in a girls' school for 10 years. So that means all things periods are super normalised. Sometimes when I cross the room, I say, anybody got a pet? They will just toss her cross and it's totally normal. So in sec 3, we were having assembly and we were in the hall. And I was sat beside this girl and she was known to be very rebellious. And she always be like, you wanna fight? You wanna fight ah? And I was really- I was kinda scared of her. But she was friendly to me. And I- and I wanted it to stay that way. It was a really boring assembly. And she tapped on my back. She was like, Afiqah, do you wanna see a surprise? First of all, this assembly is really boring. I would love to see a surprise. Second of all, I don't want to piss her off. So I just said, yes, sure. Then she did this to her skirt and then she said, look underneath. And I was just so bored and brain dead from the assembly. I just, okay, I look. It was a massacre down there. It was just blood all the way. It's not like she leaked to anything. She was free bleeding. Free bleeding from her young heart's panties. We were like sitting crisscross right? And then she just dragged her butt on the floor. And she left a bloody snail trail on the ground. And I did not know how to react. I was just staring at the trail. I just didn't know what to say. I felt like if I said, why, what are you doing? She's gonna beat me up. If I pointed it out, I would embarrass her. So I did not know what to say. I just like, great. Go school things.