 I was told that I'm being ignorant. Every time they tried to call out my name, I did not respond. I feel confused. And the moment I was diagnosed with moderate hearing loss I did ask myself a lot. Is this the end of my career? Am I still able to work in the ward? Like, you need to look after cancer patients. Oh, okay. After I informed my nurse manager about my hearing loss, she was also worried initially but she was always there for me. She was telling me, why not you give it a try and perform it with hearing aid this time. Maybe things will get better. I feel it's out of kindness, like she's giving be a nurse because I was brought up by my single mother. So whenever I witnessed my mum fall sick when I was younger I feel so helpless and didn't know what to do. So at that point of time, I kept telling my mum, I promised my mum, like, you know what, I'm going to be a nurse one day so that whenever you fell sick, right, then I know what to do next. Because of my promise to my mum, that keeps me going. As a new hearing aid user, you tend to hear all the background noises that you haven't been hearing for the past 20 years. Sometimes the hospital environment can be very loud. I'll be scanning and there's a beep sound. Then at the same time, there's another beep sound from the toilet call and the phone call at the same time. Yeah, it's very overwhelming. Like I can hear all kinds of sounds, like all come together. So far from my experience, my patients will not even know that I have hearing issues until I actually told them. So it doesn't affect my performance and skills. Most of them cannot see unless you are right beside me. Because it's just a transparent tubing hanging around my ear. Especially for cancer patients after receiving the chemotherapy they will be prone to fall. So it's very important for nurses like us to have good hearing skills. We have to be very alert. So far so good. You will never be prepared when you are diagnosed with cancer. Last year, my mum was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer. The doctor declared that she had to be in palliative care. She had to feel as comfortable as possible before the end of her. So because of that, I actually went back to Malaysia just to look after my mum, being a full-time caregiver. It's scary to go through the process by yourself. She said that if I'm not around, she would have died in the hospital instead of at home, which is something that she didn't want to. I was able to take care of her until her last day. I slept with her until her last breath. Because her last words to me was, I feel safe with you. Ever since my mum passed on, I actually switched to medical oncology because it's related to my mum's case. And I would like to provide the best, utmost comfort care for the same situation as my mum. you