 So every time after smoking I will always be very happy. Then I will text my friend, then they will be like, Then I was like, no ah, no weed la, don't worry. I don't smoke. So that's the only term that I conclude myself as a pitmaster, somebody who knows the equipment well. There was once when I was smoking at home, the meat, when I took it out right, then it was so soft that it slipped and fell off my hand and splattered on the ground. Half of it went into my fishpond. I smoke about 80 to 90 kilos of brisket a week. Brisket is actually a very tough cut of meat. In the smoking circle, it's kind of like the ultimate goal that everybody wants to reach. Smoking is usually dominated by males. I have to carry 90 kilos of meat every week. I think it's easier for males with their strength and physical build. But I'm somebody who enjoys doing such things and I feel that women can also do the things that men can do. I don't really have to go to the gym anymore already. I think so. So when I first started, it was at the backyard of my house. Within 6 months, I scaled up into a commercial business. I had some strangers coming up to me and say that, you know, you are not a F&B trained, you are not a chef, what makes you think that you can sell your meat? It's also this kind of words that make me motivate and go on further. Like I want to prove him wrong, I also want to prove myself wrong. So I will convert my energy into how I can smoke better meats. When I first stumbled upon smoking meats online, reading up on people who don't sleep for 20 or over hours, I was like, what say all these people? They're really crazy. Then who knows, now I'm part of it. So right now, it has been 22 hours and the brisket is finally, I think, should be ready. With a lot of time and patience and love, then when you look at the end result, that's the part that you will wow out yourself and you make everybody around you like, wow! And I think that is like the joy of smoking and I really enjoy myself. When I first listed my product on my website, it was totally sold out in 30 seconds. I realised that when you set your mind on something, you can just work through it. I believe that the passion, the love you have, the enjoyment that you have, it will always be reflected in the meats. For me, when your heart just feels so full, I think that is really the kind of feeling that I'm looking for in whatever that I do. I mean, not just smoking. Yeah, life is short, right? Just enjoy. So I must share the happiness and joy with everybody just like how I share my food. you