 It came as kind of a blindside for me because I was let go from my job at midnight of Singapore time. I was logged out of everything already. On that day itself? What the heck? What are we going to talk about today? We are going to talk about workplace rejection. This episode, one of us will get rejected. Stay tuned to the end of the episode to see who gets fired. No, just kidding. No, no, no. How do you deal with rejections? Yeah, I thought we were pretty good person. Yeah, you said no to Wendy and then, hello, hello. So I don't necessarily feel a lot from my work rejections. But for the 2022 one, it was, it came as kind of a blindside for me because I was let go from like my job. And I'm just like, I have a Zoom and then like I entered a zoom call like okay cool what's like this about and then it's like so you have 15 days left and your 15 days notice starts now and you are just not right fit for the company and we felt that it's better this way and you don't have to work the next 15 days your work stops today. You just straight away the day? Yeah. So I asked, so I say, so why, like you know, is there something I can do or something else why I wasn't doing? All he said was just you're not a right fit for the company. Like, am I such a bad person? Like, that you have to cut me off now and it's not even I work the next like notice, you know, it's like now and gone, you're gone. I was super sad that night when it happened because at midnight of Singapore time, I was logged out of everything already. Yeah. On the date, so? Yeah, the date. So bad. So I was like, my mind, I was like... What did I do? Did I offend you? Did I like... Like, why is it so like... Cut. Like so... Yeah, so cutthroat. Okay, if I was so cutthroat and cold. Yeah, anyway. So, I felt super sad that day because I think I was like wondering like, okay, so am I just not cut out to do this kind of work. I mean in background and context it's a program managing. Program managing? Why you laugh? Because I also came to OGS to do project managing. But this is the more creative aspect. Then I wasn't so well-versed in like content creating and videos and all that. So then it's like I've no experience there. Then like, yeah, it's kind of like your security is just gone. Then would you say they're right when they say you're not a good fit there? So after that, yes. I mean like thinking about it, yeah, I do feel like, okay. If I would have pushed to stay, then yes. It would just be me trying to like putting up a front to work. Yeah. In a place where I don't feel the most passionate in. Right. So in that sense, that work rejection sort of like was something good because it led you to find a place that you may feel like you are rejected in this one area and like you feel like all is lost but it might actually be an opening to another place that you can go and like a different direction you can go to. Sometimes we might be forced to find that silver lining ourself in order to make the process much more purposeful and enjoyable. Like for example, I always wanted to be a nurse. Can I tell right? Oh really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I always wanted to be a nurse. So I applied for nursing so many times and I got rejected so many times. I even get so many people to help me write recommendation letter, you know, like my Singapore Red Cross director, my form teacher, everyone I know to write saying that I will make a good nurse. I even went to see the MP. Wow. I went to see the MP to get people is still there? Yeah, the desire to help people is still there. And I'm like, oh, actually I can help people through this way too. It's not too bad. I'm glad I didn't get accepted because if I did, right, I don't think I'll be sitting here. Right? I don't think I'll be sitting here ranting about why I cannot go into the same? I left that job and then travelled and then came back to do a mid-career change. I realised that at 30, I've never written a CV before. And I didn't even have a LinkedIn page because as a teacher, you don't need LinkedIn. And sometimes I feel like rejections help you to grow, help you to put yourself out there more, have that confidence because you face that rejection. And so it was very, very scary for me. And I was just like... Yeah, I wrote quite a convincing cover letter, starting with H is just a number. Oh, so cute! So cute! But like, did anyone respond? I mean, OGS did lah. Okay, see? See? It works. Would you know what would have happened to you if your scholarship was rejected? Oh... I mean I wanted to have a nice answer to it but I was like, no lah, confirm can get. Okay, yeah, it's probably the results. Based on results, it was really like, I think I can get it. And if I don't get it, then find other scholarships. Because my mum told me like, I need to fund my own university education so that was really told to me like when I was in JC so that I cannot have I can I cannot afford to fail yeah but not to say I don't face rejection on a daily basis like because of what we do as video journalists we need to find profiles we need to pitch our ideas to our bosses like it's a daily thing. Profiles are going to say no. And then there's no silver lining. It's just no. I have no other option. Find another story. Find another profile. And you know that's your best profile that rejected you. But you have no choice but to just deal with it. So I think in cases where there's no silver lining, then you just need to accept and move on or just have thick skin. Yeah, like I mean like you're rightly said the stakes are different for everybody. Yeah, but I think one thing that was said to me that like really helps in dealing with rejection and like moving on a bit is like the worst thing that can happen is they say no. It's true. And then the best thing that happens is to get something out of it. Yeah. So I think when we're talking about this, it still feels quite like millennial concerns. Yeah, we don't have to raise our kids or anything. Whereas for people, if they have family and then they face rejection, right, the stakes are a lot bigger. Yeah. I mean, we definitely do have more options, given the kind of circumstances that we're in. It's really a soft privilege. I think in life, you always have a lot of... You will always go through a lot of no's. And I don't deny I will still feel sad. Yeah. Like if I don't continue at OGS, I will still feel sad. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Keep us in OGS. Makes you a lot to come here. I don't need to experience another like come T-TALKS part 2 Yeah, but I think it's just a perspective switch for me like at least personally in my own life in my mind I turn around and like it's like no not you no thank you to me, but it's like no I want to thank you for saying that no No Okay No. I would like to thank the National Arts Council for supporting this video and showing us how there's a silver lining behind every rejection. If you're also feeling bogged down by work, why not take a step back and slow down to appreciate life and the arts? Enjoy a collaborative performance by the Lorong Boys and Luke Chong from Triple Five Beatbox, an NAC's latest The Arts Can Inspire Your Everyday campaign. You can also check out the NAC website for more of such performances. Okay, now back to the What's worse? Apply for VTO, get rejected. That sucks. True story. Happened to me before. You look at the email for HDB, and you're just like... I don't think work rejection is my... Now lah. It's a big thing for me. I told my current boyfriend that if this ever... I'll feel damn... I'll not... I'll be single for the rest of my life. You hear that? Wah actually that's true. Can I take back my answer? Cause like what if my fiancé watches this? Then I'll like... I can't. Oh, you never choose. You chose a BTO. You never choose a relationship. He's like, you're going to have the BTO yourself? No, cannot. I think... Relationship. Emotional. Relationship. Y'all like anything else that you learned from today's session? Okay lah, that sounds so formal. Y'all have any new insights new insights or takeaways? Miss Seow, I learned that I... Yeah, write down your reflection now. 100 words. I feel like it's a bit of like affirmation. Hearing the way that like other people have like dealt with rejection sort of gives new perspective and it feels nice ah to know that like other people are going through the same thing with you. You're not if you have advice for us, be it workplace or love, you can also add a comment. Till the next one, bye!