 C R E O Sorry, this one is what? E R E What you think of my sign language? Little bit hard to understand right? Later the video is out, he better check subtitles. I scared later the deaf community scold me. I'm Wei Jie, I'm one of the co-founders of Fall Coffee. Hi, my name is S-A-L-A-H-U-D-D-I-N. I do service and prepare food and drinks and cashiering as well. If customers come in, how you communicate with them. So customers will write and point at the menu and I'll write with P-A-D, iPad. Your team, scared of you? A little bit. While Dean is deaf, we also have James with autism and Joshua with mild intellectual disability. If there's no Dean, they will take a longer time to do things. He's the one that would push them to do faster and to meet timing. For YouTube, I learnt the alphabets. Then other stuff is either he or Pauline teach. teach them again, repeatedly. Sometimes people with special needs do get anxious easily because of sudden changes in the environment or if you try to throw them in an unexpected situation. So that's the thing with working with my supervisors. They are very, very patient people. And that's why I also need to come in and tell them they have to share with me and not just keep quiet to themselves. They also didn't want me to worry about it. He taught me quite a few skills like the cutting skills when using a knife. He's a very kind and caring person and then also very encouraging. For you who are worried you cannot find a job. Hard to find a job? With death. So you share with your family that you are the supervisor and then they are surprised. Yeah. What made you feel happy working here? The staff, the customers and with other supervisors. They go out many times together. The idea for a social enterprise came about during my undergraduate years. Learning about the different marginalised communities and feeling injustice. I know how it feels like to not be included in activities with friends and so on and so forth. So if this group of people in our society are being left out, how can I then create something on a larger scale for other people to also accept them meaningfully into society? We don't put up signs to say that we have people with disabilities here because my staff also want to manage any customers that come along the way. And I think that's part of the job that we all want to do, regardless of disabilities. you