 One of the hard things that I had to do was I had no idea how to change a diaper. I had to learn that all by myself. At the point of time'm 22 this year. Oh, so I'm 1 year younger. You're 21? Yeah, 21 this year. So how old were you when you found out that you were pregnant? I was 17 years old when I found out I was pregnant. I was still in school. 17, so you... Bali. Do you still remember the moment when you found out? Yes, I remember. I was in my roommate's bathroom. I was already living alone. By the time I found out, I was pregnant. And then I took the test and I called her in and I was just telling her like... And then we just look at it at the same time and we were just freaking out. How did you tell your parents that you were expecting... So I did that first with my stepfather and he broke down crying. He actually blamed himself. He said that if he stayed for the family or like if he had been a better father and I just... I don't know how to feel because I've never seen him vulnerable. This is like an Asian dad crying and it was just like a... a rare sight and even though we're not blood related, he's always out there looking for me all the time. So when I booked the news to my mum, that was ugly. Oh, God. or you're living in sin and you're forcing me to marry this guy. And at that point of time, I knew this guy was abusive and I knew for a fact that this marriage will never work out. But I went along anyway because it got really ugly to a point where they threatened my stepfather's work, his job and I didn't want him to suffer. So I got married at 17. Even though I was married, I was basically a single mum because I was doing things on my own financially. I was the main caregiver for my daughter as well. So everything was just on me. How did you manage to find the courage to leave your toxic marriage? Has the thought of abortion ever crossed your mind? How was the nine months? Like from the day you found out all the way? Not easy. I still continued school. So I went to school pregnant. I remember they had to actually put me in a separate room because I was already due for birth. And I still had to take exams. Oh my god. So yeah, I went to school with my big ass, belly and then I was working six jobs. So freelance and then I also did a telecom. And I was taking up a lot of odd jobs basically, just to kind of like make ends meet. The whole motivating factor for it was like, I want my daughter to be proud of me. Like, oh my god, that's my mom. My mom did that. Yeah. And if I can do that, she can do better. You know, that kind of thing. I want my daughter to be able to feel like that. What was the hardest part about being a mum at 17, like when you were so young? At the point of time, I was just focused on how do I keep this baby alive? Like, I check on her every single hour and I was just, you know, I feel like I suck. I'm failing all the time. It's like sleepless nights regardless, whether I was feeding her or not because even when I'm not feeding her, I'm like checking on her like I'm still breathing. Maybe that's like mom anxiety or something, like a new mom's anxiety. I wasn't really focused on my tiredness. I was just trying to be a mom. For me, like I was raised by a single parent as well. And growing up, seeing my mother raise all of us by herself, it was already a lot for someone who was in her mid. Yeah, and I think as moms it's like when you have a baby you just have this sense of courage. I mean not all moms are perfect, I understand that, it's like when you have a baby then when your daughter sees that in you, she'll do it for herself. There was one time I had this conversation with my best friend. I was worried that, you know, why she grows up and she ends up like me. And she said, why is that a bad thing? I don't really know how to answer this because if I were to say like, oh, I don't want her to end up like me and she said, why is that a bad thing? I don't really know how to answer this because if I were to say, oh I don't want her to end up like me, it's like shaming myself as well. For me, it's like I always tell myself that my love is bigger than my fears and that's where you find courage and that's how your daughter is going to have also. So I mean I understand you're also a single mum and you're doing everything on your own. Do you wish like you had more help? Like someone to like let you have a break? I do have like the thing. But then like when you take a break, then you would think about your child. So in the end, like I had to go back with my child. So, mum guilt. Yeah, I kind of have mum guilt, you know. I get what you mean. Yeah. But I mean, personally it's like I've been through the whole mom guilt thing. You should like don't care about mom guilt. Yeah, I think I should. I mean, I know it's really hard but you need to put yourself first. Cause it's like you'll go crazy and you don't want to lose yourself while you're taking care of your kids, right? What do you do to make you happy? What I do... cook, bake. I love to cook. Yes! I love to cook! Oh! Yes! What was your dreams and aspirations before you became a mum? FMV. I was actually working under FMV. Oh, okay. Yeah. So I love like in that sector, you know, get to meet people, you get to grow. Maybe one day, make it as a FMB like home business. Yeah. Then like another thing would be like maybe social work. Social work. Okay. Do you not have enough crazy in your life? I was like, that's the last thing ever. After I became a mum, it's like, no. I do feel like also the stereotype of single teen mum just, I feel like people tend to categorise these sort of people as very very promiscuous very careless Have you ever had these sort of encounters before? Oh all the time I'm telling you like when I was single I had guys telling me like oh you're just good to You're just yeah, you're just good for a night. They were like saying, oh, you're at the bottom of the chain, you're literally a single teen Malay mum. And they were like saying, no one's gonna ever marry you. But, you know, it's like everyone has a different starting line. And single moms might be at the back, because everyone else is at the front. It's not a race. It's just a journey. So I really don got you through the toughest days, even up till now? Can I be honest? I mean, I love my baby but sometimes they are the reason for your toughest days. But yeah, the thing that got me through is like, this may sound like so self-absorbed but it was me. It's like, you're practicing mental health, take a break and then you're back. Yeah, so it's like, she is my main motivation and drive but like, day to day, when it gets hard, it's like you need time to kind of relax and take your mind off and... Like have a long time. Yeah. I mean, after everything that you went through with like Amelia, do you still want more kids? I eventually did find love. I met my husband now. He is like, he has to be the best of the best. Because I'm already traumatised so my expectation is always there. He exceeded all of it and he's like Shrek. Do you watch Shrek? Yeah! I love Shrek. Okay, ya ya. Like okay, he's grumpy as hell, but he's really like... You came to the right person. I know, I know. Like looks wise, looks wise he's... Wait, why? He looks like Shrek? No no no! Looks wise he's a fan, but his personality is Shrek, okay? And yeah, he's been very supportive. I was emotional and he was always trying to be present and there for me all the time. Yeah. And he's not afraid to change diapers. I mean, I know, again, they're minimum. But he's really putting himself out there. He's really putting in a lot of effort. I have another son now. He's 4 months old. His name is Michael. Amelia has been a very protective sister. Like literally would smack you if you take her brother away. So cute! I don't know about the cute part but yeah. She will like literally look at you up to, up down. Just like, yeah. Are you worthy of my brother? Yeah, she's very protective like that. Was there any difficulty in introducing her to like your new partner at the beginning? Usually she don't like people. But when I I first introduced my then boyfriend to her, now husband, she immediately warmed up. She was there. When she was around him, she was just... I don't know, she feels very safe to just be herself. I mean, it was on her own initiative to call her papa. After we started dating a few months. Would you want your daughter to maintain a relationship with her birth father? Yeah. What's your daughter's name? Roosevelt. Roosevelt. That's a nice name. It's like a princess name. I even gave the middle name like J. Oh. Because she's precious as a gem. So cute! She's very loving and caring. Her friend fall down, she just hug. So it's like I felt very very happy with her. Yeah. Do you feel the most happiest when you with your kid? Yes. Most of the time. It's like... I can understand. It's happy and then stress and then happy. I mean the best thing that I really love to do with her is just listening to her talk. And I just love to see how her tiny brain just works. You know, it's just like the different phases of Are you happy now? Definitely. I mean I've been through hell and back and I've always been happy. It was just like how you look at it I guess. I find happiness within myself and I hope my kids will do that for themselves as well. Hello! Hi! Oh, she's so cute! Hello! Oh my god, so cute. Sister, cutest age ever. Say bye! Bye! Like as a... I mean, he loves Fiona. So obsessed. So basically that kind of... I'm sorry.