 For my partner and I to make our living room what we consider cosy and our bedroom what we consider cosy is very nice. Before going to bed, I used to look at her. Now I look at the corner that we are at. Okay, okay we are back for another episode of KeyTalks. Yay! And we are here to talk about housing because we are all self-first time houseu. Yeah, I just moved in like two months ago. Bella, 35. I stay in a private condo. It's a studio apartment so it's pretty small. Go swimming pool! Go to the docks., my name is Yuheng. I'm 30 this year. I'm recently engaged. My BTO is in Tampines. Yay, Tampines. Yay, Tampines! First time you cheer for the East. I have you cheer. Cause I suddenly silent and no one cheer for him. Yay, Tampines! Okay, so we're gonna play this game called Would would you rather la so there are certain like options here So would you rather a spend less for a less ideal location or would you be pay more for an ideal location? Okay, so who is a? Yay! He still wears this Maybe they did really spend less compared to us. Okay, so you all say you all pay less or less ideal location. So what do you offer Go in your choice? Not choosing Theongbaru over Chorongis. I was like at the top of my head before seeing the price, I was like Theongbaru, cause Theongbaru can't you rise to eat. If the stall move, you also move. No, but there's just like a greater proportion of like good food in that area. And then the estate also looks very like nice and all, like very chill but it's kind of thing. But my situation is not ideal. In the sense that I don't earn that much for me to afford that location. So I need to like prioritise on whatever I can afford lah. So I decided to go for like Joangi's instead. Causeurdo or Dampanis. We like Dampanis la, but we forgot a lot of things because for us, we weren't expecting to get a flat during the exercise, but we did. And when it was our turn to choose a flat, we didn't have high floor options left. So I mean, as much as we wanted to also stay like 30 floor, that kind of right, we don't have a choice la. So that's one thing that we had to forego. There are a lot of things that unfortunately I can't choose but my price is quite healthy la for me to think about. So I don't feel anxious thinking oh my goodness I need to pay so much. Yeah I think for me location is one of the primary consideration. Your location costs how much? Okay, not bongo per se, but like within the estate, I wanted something that was more accessible and had like facilities or amenities nearby. What is important for you? I think commute to work for one. I think that was the main thing that my partner and I were looking at. Yeah, people say that commute to work is for the... I mean, but that where you're safe on cost. And then you also stay near your parents. Correct, yeah. So I stay within, just nice within the 4km radius, so I managed to get the proximity housing grant as well. So I think I was just like within 100m, if I throw a stone really, the stone won't get the grant. Okay, so since you're saying you'll pay less for a less ideal location, I don't know like how much did your house cost, like roughly? Mine was about 320k for a 4 room flat. Nice, nice. That's a good number. What about you? Around, it's similar to your cost, 370. I'm quite envious when I I hear all the BTO prices. Mine's resale right, so I pay about close to half a million for a forum. No, but then you get your flat faster. Ya, you don't have to wait. It's true. I mean, you moved in already, but they're still waiting. Ya, we are still waiting you know. We just see the model, then like have some paper. Then for an IJS, 5 years later, see you. I don't think I can like commit that and like you just see the model, I don't know. When you think about the course, you can commit it. Thanks. So what about the course for you? Okay so I hear 300, I hear 500, then I damn soon ah. Am I stupid for doing this? Because you all have partners. I bought this like as a single. So my place for studio apartment which is like damn tiny is 700. 700k. When I hear all of your amounts, it's like oh my god, more than double of... I can buy 2 BTOs! Too 4 room flex. Wait, but where is it? You know us. I think I should make more friends in the East. In the East? Alright, you can move here, change your BTO. No, no, no, then I'll invite you all to the West as well. I think people won't go, but okay, you can try. Let me'm half half A. I cannot let you put your hand here. Why half half? Say please. I mean, clearly I bought a resale because I wanted the convenience of being able to move in now, right? But at the same time, I see the benefits of having a BTO whereby you get something at the subsidised rate. You do have to wait, but it saves you a lot of money in the long run as well. My spouse and I, we've been renting for a couple of years really, so we are very used to having our own space. You know, I love living with my parents and I appreciate them for all that. But I also really like having my own space. So I don't think it's something that I can go back to. So I think we would still go for a resale. Actually, I think that's quite a great point. Because a lot of couples want that freedom also. Like for us, for me and my partner, sometimes we will just randomly chat about things and we will think about how nice it is if we had our own space. Like now right? Yeah. Okay, so the situation around me getting my video was that it was a decision that we didn't expect to make because it wasn't a very ideal unit for her and the dream home she envisioned wasn't like facing the kapak on the fourth floor. Yeah, so why did your partner decide to like keep the flat? Okay, so after discussing for four months right, I think one fine day she just woke up and she's like you know what let's just try and make this home the best home we can. Then if even if we don't like it down the road if like she cannot stand like you know the the kapak noises or whatever, we will just find a new place to live lah. It's not like we have to commit to something at this point in our lives. It's the idea that you make your dream home, not that the dream home is given to you. So, Peifang, would you rant before you get your video? I haven't really thought of that question eh. You think now? Just now when you were talking about it, I was thinking at the back of my head, like, why should I rent or not? Because a lot of people have asked me. And they are like, five years, you will be like 30 plus in that time already, then how to start a family, blah, blah, blah. You're too old for that. Then I'm like, thanks for the reminder. I don been asking for advice or? I don't know, maybe an alternative is too similar to Yihong's case is my boyfriend will just come over and be with me. I haven't brought up that topic at all because it's not something that we are considering at that moment. You also have one proposal. Hello? Right, how can? Where's your? Where's your proposer? Okay, sorry. I haven't even talked to him. So, I think for Bella, she mentioned just now that she needs to pay 700k right? Like, in a lump. Not really a lump sum. Yeah, she don't have the 700k but yeah. Yeah, correct. So, for us, at least we get the EHG grant. Enhanced Housing Grant. So basically it's a grant given by HDB for you to offset some of the costs of financing the house. I mean your house costs like 700k right, so how do you afford it? I can't afford it. The video ends here. Sometimes I wonder too. I think it's a commitment that you decided on right? So there will be certain life changes. Like previously I always thought of you know every few years I would live a year overseas. But now with a house then you have to ask yourself you know can you afford it or like I must always have a job. But definitely like having such a big financial commitment is huge. Then just got to make adjustments to my lifestyle law. I cancelled the Disney Plus subscription. Sorry, Disney Plus. No, just really take note of every single month. Now I have a table of all my expenditure and all the loans I have to pay. I feel like a lot of people don't... I mean the people I know at least, right? Didn't think about that until they committed to a housing option. In the East? For example, they will be like, oh yeah, I can afford it. But then when they go for the housing option that they want, then they realize, oh, now I have to like change a lot to my life. If you haven't gotten a house, it's a good idea to start thinking about all of these things first. I wish I thought about that more. You are a planner. No, no, she is a planner. My partner is a planner. I wasn't. Yeah, because if she didn't kickstart the whole process of like, let's plan our finances, right, I would have been a lot more anxious about my house. So the idea that, that, you know, we have to sit down and think about, okay, if we want to afford this, what should our life look like? What should our lifestyle be like? Can you ready for the last one? Yes. This one looks very long so Pei Fang should slowly digest and tell us. I'll digest first ah. Would you rather A. Buy your dream house as your first home and stay there in the long run or B. Buy a... This handwriting a bit ugly. Or B. Buy a starter home and upgrade at a later time. What a home? Like Minecraft eh? I think this is an A for me at the moment. Okay, buy your dream house and stay in the long run. As in my current situation is an A for me. But is that what you have chose? I thought your dream house is Dung Waru please? That's dream A 1. Then this is dream A 2. So still dream house. Still can consider dream house la Happy for you I mean they are Okay, Tiong Bahru is dream A1 because of the location Location is ideal But Tiong is A2 because the location is not as ideal as Tiong Bahru but the height is great. Yes, so it's still considered a dream. That's my definition. So why then? Why were you like this is starter and not the dream home? I mean, the cost is a big thing obviously like for example her dream home I say is a condo right but given our current finances it's a bit hard for us to look at a condo be like, I want to buy it. Then your dream home? My dream home is as long as it's nice and it has a very nice kitchen, I'm happy with it. But unfortunately that also means there are a lot of condos right, because the kitchen is very small right. So we do have to weigh our pros and cons lah. But happy wife, happy life, she wants a condo. Actually you should have said for you, your home is where my baby is. That's home. Correct. My big home is where my wife is. Where my virtual wife is. Trying to be boyfriend of the year. And I think the bonus of having a video that a lot of people don't necessarily think about is the fact that waiting isn't a bad thing. Waiting means that you have time to build up your finances, you have time to progress in your career to a more stable to be able to finally decorate and make something your own. Everyone has a different idea of cozy. So for us, for my partner and I to make our living room what we consider cozy and our bedroom what we consider cozy is very nice. Before going to bed, I used to look at her. Now I look at the corner that I... I look at her in the morning. So as first time house owners, what are you most excited about? I want to hear about Pei Fang's one. Oh, why do you think? I haven't really think about it. I think I'm also excited to host my first house party. Eh! I'm very excited also about that. The excitement isn't real. It's what you're excited about. Not Not the decorating. No, that one. Then after that, when it's so nice really right, then you invite people to your house. Then you're like, wow, look at people's house. Because I've been going to a lot of house parties. Same, I'm like... I think it's having that space to yourself to be able to like, invite people over and I don't know, create memories in that house. Good vibes. Good vibes. It's nice to have friends over. It's true. Ben have a invite. Just saying. Rent your house. He said he just went back only. He still got all the cover also so take some time, give him process of being a first-time house owner. So what's the most important advice you'll actually give to people who are looking to get their first place? I think being a first-time home owner can be quite daunting to a lot of people. And sometimes in the process of getting the house, you might feel like you'll never get what you want. What's more important is that as long as you learn how to manage the good-to-haves versus the must-haves, you will still eventually get a nice place. A place that you can call your own. Yeah, actually the ideal home that you have in your head is really just a concept. At the end of the day, if it fulfils your must-have, then I think it's good enough. Because it can be a subtle home. Yeah, the ideal home is just a place for us to host our parties. I just want to add also, everyone has different opinions about what an ideal home is. For example, we have 3 Easties and 1 Westies. Then every time I connect this, my house is like, how I do West sir, very good man, the location. At the end of the day, I'll be like, no, I like my current home. It is like a pretty good location for me and there are a lot of good things that come along with it. Then I'll be just like, I'm happy alone. You can say whatever you want. I'll leave that to 5 years later. You'll make your own decision from that. Wow, I'm quite convinced now. I'm very curious about the West. Little bit of all good at very high expectations. Ya, I won't disappoint. No, the West won't disappoint. I hope it has been great listening to the experience of different types of homeowners. If you have any questions, you can leave it in the comment section and I hope you enjoyed this episode. Thank you. Thank you. Bye.