 Hi, my name is Jacqueline. I'm a mother of three girls. Two of my elders are a set of twins with autism. The two elders want Cheryl and Eun while I see that they are smiling, they are playing happily. Chilli makes me feel it's still a bit. What is your own spirit? In the initial stages, I wasn't able to understand them. Everything that I have, even my laptop, I work and then I fell asleep. When I wake up, all the keys are gone, you know. My girl would practically peel off every single of the keys. And I was like, how many $2,000 do I have to buy a new laptop? Those were the times that really drive me nuts. I cannot even live normally. Some of them are really up to the state that I really do not know what to do. And the thought of a suicidal has always come to my mind. At work, I'm an employee. At home, I'm a mother. So what about me? Who is Jacqueline? I grew up in a single-parent family. I have many missed opportunities and that actually sets me wanting to give all that to my children so that they can grow up the way that I dreamed I could grow up with. I would picture motherhood to be someone who actually brings her kids to enrichment classes, go to good primary school and on weekends we can go out for meals, shopping. During school holidays we can go on vacation together. I thought that would be Jacqueline's life, but life is not like that for me. I was in denial until when they were about eight years old. My pediatrician told me this very strong statement. Jack, you have to face the reality. Your kids are mentally retarded. At the time when I heard that description, I was angry. How dare you say such a word to a mother? I don't think my child are mentally retarded, they are just slow. But there's this incident where I teach my twin how to take a sip from a cup. But just that action took me three weeks, three solid weeks, every day, way. external factors to tell me what I'm doing is right or wrong. So even though I know this thing I do, I may regret it later on, but I feel that this is the best way I will do it. And later on I regret it, I will say, yes, I have tried. Yeah, I think that is the biggest strength that I have acquired in this journey.