 When I was at my peak, I spent most of what I earned. I got a nice goodie. I owned a couple of three watches. It was the lowest point of my life. I was homeless and I never tell anyone because I was very embarrassed. I stayed in this school for a couple of days and I went to Changi. But I was thinking and questioning to myself, what can I do to get of creative work. I like to travel. I like images. I shoot everything. I go to bus stop, public area. I just shoot random things. I learned aesthetics from there. I don't go to Salem school, but I got lucky. In a way, because I meet the right people. So I met this Japanese boss, Modi. He sent me to Japanese construction in Singapore. At that point, I get quite good income because it's hard to penetrate Japanese construction. I never seen this kind of money before. Financially, I'm not taught how to save money. My circle of friends, they come for money. They go party, they have nice cars and so on. I was influenced by my surroundings. Then I got to watches like Omegas, Role know. I don't have any more camera. I have just enough money to buy a tent. Then with me, I just a small little bag. Remember one time I caught my mum. So my mum asked me, hey, where are you? How are you? I said, I'm good. I'm at my friend's place thinking maybe my son is doing quite good, you know, somewhere because I suddenly see my mum. I feel like I'm let down. At that point, I was really very hungry. And people next to me, they are barbecuing, that is the saddest part of my life. One day, I feel a pain in my ear. When I close my eyes I can see red, blue, purple, you know. So I didn't know actually that something is happening inside my head. I was wanted, so I was diagnosed with a stroke. Due to my condition, it was very hard for me to apply for a job. When I was hospitalised, I met this social worker who connected me to nowhere. My first impression, I thought he's a young man. Because when he spoke to me, he sounds very jovial, energetic. He tells me not to worry because he's there to guide me and help me I was able to empathise with him. And I guess that also helped him to of his confidence. What I see is that along the way, he bounces back faster from adversity. With the help in the way, I landed a job. So this is actually much needed for me to support myself. The way I describe my life is like a rollercoaster because there will be a lot of ups and a lot of downs. But you have to be kind to yourself and acknowledge your weakness and have faith. So I accept my situation now. I cannot get back whatever I lost in the past. So what I can do is just look ahead and make my life better. Now I'm looking forward to my coming DTO. I always wanted to have my own home. So I'm very happy and I'm looking forward to be living in that house. My name is Raffy and I'm 51 years old. And I'm doing my best in life.