 It came as kind of a blindside for me because I was let go from my job at midnight of Singapore time. I was locked down of everything already. On that day itself? The day itself. What the heck? What are we going to talk about today? We are going to talk about workplace rejection. Scali, this episode, one of us will get rejected. Stay tuned to the end of the episode. To see who gets fired. No, just kidding. No, no, no, no. No call this guy to ask him out for prom. And he said no. Not like I think I'm the best person out there. But yeah, it was like... Yeah, I thought we were pretty good friends. Why you have to say yes? Yeah, so bold eh. Yeah, if you're out there watching, like this person. Yeah, you said no to Wendy and hello, hello. So I don't necessarily feel a lot from my work rejections. But for the 2022 one, it came as kind of a blindside for me because I was let go from my job. I'm just like, I have a Zoom call scheduled and then I entered a Zoom call like, okay cool, what's this about? And then he's like, so you have 15 days left. Your 15 days notice starts now and you are just not right fit for the company and we felt that it's better this way and you don't have to work the next 15 days, your work stops today. You just straightaway the day itself? Yeah, the day itself. What the heck? So I was like... The thing with mine, I was like, what did you... That offend you, did I? Like, why is it so like... Cut. Like so... Yeah, so cutthroat. Okay, it's also cutthroat and cold. Yeah, anyway, so I felt super sad that day because I think I was like wondering like, okay, so am I just not cut out to do this kind of work? I mean, in background and context, it's program managing. Program managing? Why you laugh? Because I also came to the OJ to do project managing. But it's the more creative aspect. Then I wasn't so well versed in content creating and videos and all that. Then it's like I have no experience there. It's kind of like your security is just gone. Then would you say they are right when they say you're not a good fit there? So after that, yes. I mean like thinking about it, yeah. I do feel like okay, if I would have pushed this day, then yes la. It would just be me trying to like putting up a friend to work. In a place where I don't feel the most passionate in. Right. So in that sense, that work rejection sort of like was something good because it let you to find a place that you would feel passionate for. I mean after that I talked to a friend and then after talking to that friend I kind of... okay he... okay that friend is now my partner but anyway... that night he was just saying like okay because I have a faith right so man's rejection is God's direction so kind of like you may feel like you are rejected in this one area and like you feel like all is lost but it might actually be an opening to another place that you can go and like a different direction you can go to. Sometime we might be forced to find that silver lining ourselves in order to make the process much more purposeful and enjoyable. Like for example, I always wanted to be a nurse. Can I tell right? Ya, ya, ya. I always wanted to be a nurse. So I applied for nursing so many times and I got rejected so many times. I even get so many people to help me write recommendation letter. You know, like my director, the Red Cross Singapore Red Cross director, my form teacher, everyone I know to write saying that I will make a good nurse. I don't want to see the MP. Wow. I want to see the MP to get. That's how much you wanted. And then they just say no like, got no reasoning. Oh, they didn't even give any reason. It's just straight up on the computer system. In a way I say, there's a silver lining because through the years after the rejection and everything, it allowed me to find passion in other areas that I never thought I had, like community services. It's because I didn't get into nursing, right? That's why I got myself involved in so many volunteering work. So the desire to help people is still there. Yeah, the desire to help people is still there and I'm like, oh actually I can help people through this way too. It's not too bad. I'm glad I didn't get accepted because if I did right, I don't think I'll be sitting here. Ya, that's true. I don't think I'll be sitting here ranting about why I cannot go into the hospital? I left that job and then traveled and then came back to do a Make Career Change. I realized that at 30, right, I've never written a CV before. And I didn't even have a LinkedIn page because as a teacher you don't need LinkedIn. And sometimes I feel like rejections help you to grow, you know, help you to put yourself out there more, have that confidence because you face that rejection. And so it was very, very scary for me. And I was just like... Yeah I wrote quite a convincing cover letter. Starting with H is just a number. Oh so cute! So cute! But like did anyone respond? I mean OGS did lah. Okay so you see it works. Would you know what would have happened to you if your scholarship was rejected? Oh. I mean I wanted to have a nice answer to it but I was like, no, Lakongfeng can get it. Okay. If you have your base on results, it was really like, I think I can get it. And if I don't get it, then find other scholarships. Because my mum told me like, I need to fund my own university education so that was really taught to me like when I was in JC so that I cannot have I can I cannot afford to fail yeah but not to say I don't face rejection on a daily basis like because of what we do as video journalists we need to find profiles we need to pitch our ideas to our bosses like it's a daily thing. Profiles are going to say no. And then there's no silver lining, it's just no. I have no other option. Find another story, find another profile. And you know that's your best profile that rejected you but you have no choice but to just deal with it. So I think in cases where there's no silver lining, then you just need to accept and move on. just have the skill known. I mean like girl rightly said, the stakes are different for everybody. But I think one thing that was said to me that really helps in dealing with rejection and moving on a bit is the worst thing that can happen is they say no. It's true. And then the best thing that can happen is to get something out of it. So I think when we're talking about this, it still feels quite like millennial concerns. Yeah, we don't have to raise our kids or anything. Whereas for people, if they have family and then they face rejection, the stakes are a lot bigger. Yeah. We definitely do have more options, given the kind of circumstances that we're. It's really a sort of privilege. I think in life, you always have a lot of... You always go through a lot of no's. And I don't deny I will still feel sad. Ya. Like if I don't continue at OGS, I'll still feel sad. Ya, for sure. You know how us in OG eh? They do a lot to come here I think. I don't need to experience another like come to T-Tops part 2. Yeah, but I think it's just a perspective switch for me like at least personally in my own life. In my mind, I turn around and like it's like no not you, no thank you to me but it's like no I want to thank you for saying that no. No. I would like to thank the National Arts Council for supporting this video and showing us how there's a silver lining behind every rejection. If you're also feeling blocked down by work, why not take a step back and slow down to appreciate life and the arts. Enjoy a collaborative performance by the Laurent Boys and Luke Chong from 555 Beatbox and NAC's latest The Arts Can Inspire Your Everyday Campaign. You can also check out the NAC website for more of such performances. Okay, now back to the before. You look at the email for his event and you're just like... I don't think work rejection is my... now la. It's a big thing for me. I told my current boyfriend that if this ever... I'll feel damped. I will not. I will be single for the rest of my life. You hear that? Well actually that's true. Can I take back my answer? Because like what if my fiancee watches this? Oh shit. Like I can't. Oh yeah, you know she's like, she was a BTO in each session. She's like, you gonna have the BTO yourself? No, I cannot. I think, emotional. You're like anything else that you'll learn from today's session? Okay, that sounds so way that other people have dealt with rejection sort of gives new perspective. It feels nicer to know that other people are going through the same thing with you. You're not the only one being rejected. I really started to become like Misery Loves Company. So if you like what you heard today, do like, share and subscribe to our content. And if you face workplace rejections or you've got more juicy stories to tell us, tell us in the comment section. Or if you have advice for us, be it workplace or love, you can also add a comment. Till the next one, bye bye!