 Your bones are brittle, you should not climb. A lot of people will tell you at 67 it's dangerous. When I reach the top, I have lots of claps and then they will... Then I'll tell them, shhh! Almost every gym that I go, they know I'm Auntie Dolly. I don't mind that because I think Auntie is a seder of wisdom. When I was in my early 50s, I was having a back problem. She saw me doing stretching and then she said, Since you're stretching, why don't you go and stretch on the wall? She taught me the way to climb. Very fierce. Very fierce. Very fierce. Anything wrong with it? Not that late! Sometimes she said, you're like an elephant on the wall. When I started, I had a hike for beer. I tried not to look down. I looked up. I was worried like my mom might fall, like scrape her wrist, hit the head. I think that was my worst fear. But once she got the sudden height, I'm like, okay, pay me $1 million before I let you down. Yeah, then if I don't finish, she won't let me down. When you reach the top, you find that you have accomplished something. I learned to be more confident. And till now I don't have backache. It also overcomes my hypophobia. Right now, any hanging bridge you give me, no problem. My first climb to outdoor was in Taiwan. You don't feel like you're climbing that high up. You find that, oh, the scenery is all nice. I was very fortunate, I have good friends around that climbs with me. So I brought my mum along. Now they go on holidays, they go without me. When I hang out or climb with her friends, I don't think I am any older than them. You can do it, I can do it also. One thing I learnt from Aunty Dolly is to have a towel on my harness and bedroom slippers when I climb They are always eager there to help you. I may slowly, slowly slow down, but I will not give up. In fact, I come with two senior climbers. Both are older than me. It's a matter of you stepping out of your comfort zone only. Yeah, I think anyone can climb. I'm 18 and if I can climb, anyone can climb. She doesn't look to crush the hardest route, but also to support people when they climb. She pushes boundaries. I'm proud of my mother. It's the first time I hear from her that she looked up to me.