 I find it quite therapeutic to clean dishes. You have no cares in the world. In Hokkien we say, you eat dirty, you grow up dirty struggle. I was very scared of the dirt and the filth. You would see the grime and the rotting food sometimes. Come on, let's eat. My mom, she actually has been in this line for quite a while now. Couple of decades, in fact. I really respect her a lot because she is so breadwinner. She brought me and my sister up single-handedly. I was faced with the decision on whether I should go to uni or come into this dishwashing line to help my mum. But I realised that maybe you don't need a degree to wash dishes. Yeah, I don't think she can keep going at this pace much longer. So yeah, I just needed to step in to help elevate this burden of her. Thank you. My colleagues are all very old. Yeah, they're like my grandma's age. It's just very wholesome, I feel. Sometimes it's like I'm working with my alma like that. But they would actually buy me meals sometimes. It's like they see me as their own bread cake. I feel like people can't respect you if you don't know how to do it. If you want to manage something, you have to learn the nature of it and the best way is by doing it. And if they had anything that they're struggling with or things that could be improved in terms of processes, I wanted to make that change. It was also tough because sometimes when I bump into people that I actually know, they would see like, oh, how bad did he mess up his life to be cleaning today and washing dishes or like clearing the trash. If I were to say like, oh, yeah, this is my mom's company, I'm working, I feel that it's very snobbish. It discredits all the hard work that I put in. Being a servant doesn't mean that you're the lowest. In fact, it's a joy to serve people. Growing up without a dad, it made me somewhat insecure sometimes. But it was in church that I found my confidence. So I think growing up like that, it has also stuck with me that I can find joy in serving people. I started to turn my coping mechanism to humour. So if people ask me, I'll tell them, oh, since I can't sing hu Hao, times are tough. Whatever puts food on the table. Gotta keep dripping just yet. This is really an honest living and you're serving the society. You're doing something that not many people want to do. It just so happens that for me it's cleaning and might not be the most glamorous but yeah it's still a form of serving people. They're always just in the background but they are the invisible force that keeps your everyday life running. So I just hope that next time anyone sees a younger person cleaning, it's not because they messed up their life, but it is still an honest job. It is what put food on the table for my sister and I growing up. you