 Mr Speaker, let me thank the Minister for the clarifications as well as for clearing the air on this issue. In fact, many of us have received feedback from our residents that are giving comments that every time the Government increase subsidy, the child care operator will increase their fees. You know, it seems to be corresponding. But I think I thank the Minister for producing the data as data as well the statistics that's really important. It is still quite tough for middle income families which have a few children in child care especially even with the subsidy itself they may not be they may find it tough for for their monthly income. The other group that I'm a little bit concerned with is for the non-working mothers. I understand there is already additional subsidy for non-working mothers if they fulfil the criteria. My take is that currently now, how many of these children who enjoy subsidies belong to the non-working mothers? Can we equalise both groups instead of making them apply to this criteria? If you were to put working mothers or non-working mothers aside, how much more increase in terms of subsidies would the government have to bear? Rather, to make the non-working mothers going to apply for additional subsidy? Thanks. I thank the Member for his questions. Every year, some preschool operators will make some adjustments to their fees. There are many, many operators, private, not-for-profit, as well as MOE kindergartens. So every year there will be some adjustments, whether or not we make adjustments to our subsidies. So I hope that clears the misunderstanding. And in fact, the vast majority of households earning 12,000 and below ought to see reduction in child care fees. There are, of course, some centers, private operators that charge, say, thousands of dollars in fees and make adjustments in the hundreds of dollars. That is quite a different situation altogether. But for the vast majority, they should see a fall in child care fees from January next year. And as I I said from January 2021, for partner operators, we will bring down the fee caps even further and thereafter the anchor operators will see a fall as well. So that is on your first question. The second point is on families with many children. And so apart from looking at total household income, we also look at for families with many dependents and more children in preschool, we will look at it from a per capita basis so that they can get even more support. On non-working mothers, the support provided to them takes into account the fact that because they're working, they will need full day childcare. And by working mother, we are talking about working two days a week. And that can include the informal sector as well. So there is a degree of flexibility and in fact working mother status is conferred if a mother works for two days a week or roughly 56 hours a month. We do grant special approval if mothers have caregiving needs for children younger than 24 months or if they're looking after other dependents. For those who are looking for employment, we make concessions for them and allow them to benefit from the full subsidy. And for those who are non-working mothers, what they can do is they can go for the basic subsidy for full day childcare, or if not and they are at home with no other caregiving responsibilities other than their young children, then there is the option to go for kindergarten with KIFA subsidies. So that half day they get pedagogical support, the other half day time with the parents, time with family, family bonding time.