 Sorry, this one is what? What you think of my sign language? Little bit hard to understand right? Later the video is out, he better check subtitles. I scared later the dev committee is going. I'm Wei Jie. I'm one of the co-founders of For Coffee. Hi, my name is S-A-L-A-H-U-D-D-I-N. I do service and prepare food and drinks and cashing as well. If customers come in, how you communicate with them? So customers will write and point at the menu and I'll write with PAD iPad. Your team of you? Better be While Din is deaf We also have James with autism and Joshua with mild intellectual disability If there's no Din They will take a longer time to do things. He's the one that would push them to do faster and to meet timing. For YouTube, I learned the alphabets. Their other stuff is either he or Pauline teach. teach them again repeatedly. Sometimes people with special needs do get anxious easily because of sudden changes in the environment or if you try to throw them in an unexpected situation. So that's the thing with working with my supervisors. They are very very patient people and that's why I also need to come in and tell them they have to share with me and not just keep quiet to themselves. They also didn't want me to worry about it. He taught me quite a few skills, like cutting skills when using a knife. He's a very kind and caring person and also very encouraging. For you who are worried you cannot find a job, it's Hard to find job? With death. So you share with your family that you are the supervisor and then they are surprised. What made you feel happy working here? The staff, the customers and with other supervisors. They go out many times together. The idea for a social enterprise came about during my undergraduate years, learning about the different marginalized communities and feeling injustice. I know how it feels like to not be included in activities with friends and so on and so forth. So if these groups of people in our society are being left out, how can I then create something on a larger scale for other people to also accept them meaningfully into society? We don't put up signs to say that we have people with disabilities because my staff also want to manage any customers that come along the way. I think that's part of the job that we all want to do, regardless of disabilities. you