 I think like last year somebody DM'd me like, hi can you take something, your photos are on like a similar like, SG in a settlement group kind of thing. I said like, do you have any screenshots? So the person said no there's no screenshots but I can send you the link to join. But it was a very suspiciously long link and I said you have to import your phone number. I was like, why? Have you guys fallen or have any encounters with scams before? I've never really had a scam but I think maybe my closest interaction was that I had some credit card and debit card related fraud. So basically I was overseas and then I don't know what prompted me to decide to check my credit card statement which I checked with me like once every month or so right. And then I saw like thousand plus plus plus deducted on my credit card and then I checked my debit card and for some reason like a few other thousands deducted. So I caught them and they were like okay immediately you know cancel all your cards uh we will like return you the money just like file your claims So... Wow, that's scary. But you got your money back. I did. I think the, probably the scariest part was that I didn't know where it came from or like what was the source of like... Like you don't know how they got the numbers in the first place, right? Correct. Correct. Because I mean, usually you use your phone for everything nowadays, right? Like you link your cards to your phone and then you use your phones to like buy things from like shops you scan here scan there so I I just like, okay, I saw an ad of this QR code that was like scanned for like free bubble tea. So she scanned it and she woke up in the morning, I think $20,000 was taken from her bank account. But it's exactly what Wendy said right? For bubble tea. In one night. Because y'all know like the software had access to like her bank account details. I would have fallen for that. Really? The bubble tea thing? I've downloaded many things for free. Like what? So far there's been no scams. But if a shop tells me, just download this app or fill in this survey for a free drink or free toppings at the bubble tea store. I've done everything. Allegedly. The woman who scanned the QR code for the free bubble tea, even though it was at the bubble tea shop, the bubble tea shop said it wasn't like that. She didn't even get a free bubble tea. She loves 10TK. So important. So apparently, what I read that you can do in order to protect yourself right, is that if you are downloading an app, you need to make sure that you are downloading from like the proper app store which is like Apple App Store and Google Play Store make sure you check that the developer details are like real and then if you had already downloaded the app what you need to do is to turn your phone to airplane mode right turn off wi-fi and then run an anti-scam application just to make sure like everything is good. in a vault almost. So it can't be digitally transferred out. But if you want to transfer money, you have to probably go in Can you send an edit or something right? Yeah, correct. Or does this feel like, did somebody record me in a changing room? I said like, definitely screenshots because typically that's the first thing you'll do right? Yeah, so the person said no there's no screenshots, but I can send you the link to join and I said oh yes, please I thought it would be like maybe WhatsApp group chat or some things, but it was a very suspiciously long link with no With not a common domain name or it's kind of thing so I was like okay Went in and I said you have to import your phone number. was like, why? Yeah, why isn't this just a telegram group chat? Why? Like, it's so difficult to judge, right? Yeah, I 4-3 and I was like a bit suspicious already. So I said it didn't work. He said you have to put a real number. I was like, how do you know I didn't? You know what I mean? They're so creepy. Yeah, I was like okay, this is very suspicious. I asked around, I posted up my Instagram story, I saw a lot of people came and said like, it's a scam, don't fall for it. What is happening? It's interesting though, like how they take the weak spot and then they attack it. You know where you're vulnerable and then they just... Oh my gosh. And it's so common for these things to happen in Singapore in terms of like, spreading pictures around you know, so girls always have that lingering fear. It's so scary and to exploit it, it's just very evil. The message itself was crafted in a very friendly and personal way. Like, hi, there's pictures of you going around. This is very important. Can you check your messages? So it's like okay. The conversations flowed very personal. Like it was really somebody talking to me. Dangang. Well nowadays, I tell you like scams not only evolve with like technology but like what you said, like how they prey on people's vulnerabilities and emotions as well to kind of like get money out of them. Basically, someone approached this person to say that they have a job offer. They're from Job Street. And then they asked the person to give a sum of money with promised returns. I think you've heard of this. This case actually happened to my actual friend. I have a very close friend of mine that went through this. It sounds exactly the same. So it's through telegram. Yeah, it's telegram like a conversation kind of thing. She was quite skeptical initially but once she transferred right and then she saw the returns and there's this trust building basis that you go through right and once you realise it, actually the money quite easy to earn ah. So you would dare to invest a little more. She continued to invest, continued to give until one day the return didn't come back. Yeah, so that was when it got really bad and they didn't get back to her and that was when she realized, oh my god, this is a scam. Because this is it. I just got scammed because it's 20k. It boils up to 20k. It's a lot of money. Did they get? She didn't. 20k gone. All they can do is make a police report about it. Damn dear la. Do y'all feel that you will fall for something like that? Or will y'all blame yourselves if you do? I was going to say, I think previously I used to think like, I know only old people fall for scam. But no la, I think increasingly with the scam tactics, with the rice, the human clutch. I don't want to say that I will never. I think there's a high possibility that it might happen. I hear that there's some ways that you can prevent eavesdrop scams, which is basically if a company approaches you, you should do background research on the company. Also, don't pay to secure a job offer. Because I think it's a bit weird. Don't fall for this like too good to be true like you Do something small and then you get a quick buck and don't give out your personal details like your phone number Yeah, so I think that's how you kind of at least like these you can just think of these. Yeah, I've indicated it Yeah, this is app called Scam Shield. The Fox icon right? You've used it before? Oh I have it on my phone. I'll basically just install it once and you set it up once. Then it prevents scammers from calling you in the first place. Oh! Yeah. I mean that's really stories online helps to normalise conversation. I was watching TikTok and then I saw a video of this girl who was talking about how she got scammed by this Facebook Marketplace rental posting. So basically what happened was that she saw a posting on Facebook and then she contacted the agent because she was interested in the viewing. So the agent was like, okay I know available for you to come out today. But I'm not free so I get my PA to bring you. So I was like, okay yeah sure. So she went with the PA to go and see the house. Like an actual person. Like an actual person. Oh my gosh. When you go to an actual house. You the actual person. She was like, oh yeah very nice. Okay she went good. Price not bad. And she was like, okay I'll push my luck. Ask for like a slightly lower monthly fee. Then the agent could be like,, can, can, can. No problem, no problem. No fight, no nothing. No fight, then she was like, okay, mid-SAS, they started to like, oh yeah, can quickly sign, you know, like if you're lucky today, then we sign it today, which is where like, usually it doesn't really happen that way. Yeah, you need some discussion. Correct, and there's like a bit of like bad and forth. What she did was that she went to ask one of her friends who's a real estate agent to go and check like their real estate agent repository of like agent numbers to see if their agent is real. In the end, couldn't find. And she's like, it's a scam. So in the end, didn't sign and she got away. Yeah. But dang, That's high level. Speaking of shopping online, I was on Instagram scrolling and then this ad came out for a moon lamp. Basically, a lamp shaped like a moon. Okay. It's quite cute la. I would like to stand over it. It's like, wow, so like can change colour and all that right? So I was like, oh my god, it looks so nice. It's like white and yellow right? I'm happy. It's like thick. So I was like, oh my god, I want a bite. One week later, I think I was checking and then I realised, eh? Like I have no news about my lamp coming right? Then I went to find the... I told him he said I got a receipt or something but I remember where I bought the thing from. So I went to search online, like this website and it didn't exist. Then... But did you for reviews? No, I didn't. Oh my god. I just like moonlapped. I have to have it. I have to have this moonlapped. Put it in my cart and they tell us. My house and jet. I want to check out. Then I was like, oh my god, that guy, I went to check my bank account to see if there was like any other transactions but I mean, it was just that that moon lamp that was deducted. Then I was like, oh damn, thank god it was just that one item. So if you shop online or on any e-commerce website, please remember to check reviews. And I think use safe payment methods. Don't be like... Don't say reviews la, I'm saying reviews. Nowadays, I read a lot of reviews to see like... I mean okay, hearing all the stories shared today, I realised that everyone of us has kind of... Actually, except for you. Thank you! You know, obviously I look scamable but I am very diligent in checking things. I think out of everything that we've shared today, it really pays to be safe rather than sorry. And apparently there's like three tips to not fall for a scam. Or to prevent yourself from falling for a scam. Such an educational episode. Ya, it is. What is it? It's ACT. The acronym ACT. Wow. ACT. Ya. ACT. One is A is ADD. Scam shield add. Add, scam shield add. Oh my god, your favourite ad. It's really good. And then C is to check for scam signs with official sources. So I know like, you know what's honest, like you receive news like about okay there's this kind of scam going around or like the banks will tell you like there's this kind of scam going on. Don't fall for. Yeah, so just check with official sources for these news. Maybe like go just to verify. Yeah, scam signs. So last one is to tell the authorities, your friends and families about these scam encounters. Right. Yeah, so don't keep it to yourself. Yeah, so like what Lenny's did. Basically whatever issue you've been doing it very well. You've been acting exemplary. Yeah,. Adele said this has been a very educational episode of Teeth Out. True. I've learned quite a bit. Learned a lot. And we'll see you guys on the next episode. See you on the next one. Bye! I almost dabbed.