 On the dating apps, people will... the guys will ask me, also you work in the CBD as well? Truthfully, I also work in the CBD. Yeah, yeah, the lunch always very busy in Hawker Centre, yeah. Then we get to the point where they will finally ask me about my profession and then I'll just have to tell them, yeah. My name is Faye Tsai. Morning! And I run a small coffee store in Amor Street Food Centre called Coffee Break. I think my friends in the beginning, they don't understand why I job ah, your income enough ah. And most times when they find out that I have a bachelor's, they be like, oh so why are you still in a hawker's centre? Very deliberately my bachelor's is targeted towards this business. Thank you! So I used to play beach volleyball for Singapore. The pressures of playing on court versus having to deal with a lunchtime slam with a team behind you has many similarities. So usually our lunch club starts coming in at about 12 p.m. So we're already preparing for war. It's like a teacher. So, usually I am the front man because one, I can control my team. Every time it things, you need to have a good look at it. And I also can control the customers who are impatient for their drinks. Alright, thanks for waiting, Seth. For Earl Gray, no sugar. Thank you! Last time in Beach Volleyball, we were signal, like, two, one, you know, behind our backs. And it's more efficient. So same, we also have a lot of short forms in writing our orders because when someone orders a You know, you cannot spell out the entire... So you have to shorthand it, no? We had a customer since my dad's time. When we first started out, he actually told us, Faye, your coffee actually really sucked from the start. But it's because I believe in your father and I believe in his children. That's why I gave you guys a chance and stuck by you. We weren't always good, la, when we first started out. And I'm very thankful for regulars who stuck by us. And that's what we need, la. Kobi, say, should we die? Bye! going to be here. I do see myself doing this for the rest of my life. I enjoy the service, the rush, the adrenaline that comes every time I walk a slam. When I'm older probably my heart cannot take it, but until I cannot I will keep doing it. you