 I don't know how we display our own signs of aggression. Maybe we take out a textbook. Read it in your faces or not. Zula ChickChats! I was from St Michael's Primary School, now known as St Joseph's Junior. Then after that, I went on to Tomo S.J. I went to St Stephen's for primary school. And then I went to St Pat's, otherwise known as St Patrick's School for 4 years in secondary school. So, I was not from a boys school, but I was from CHIJ. Talking about experiences that you guys had going to a boys school, Harpies, maybe we can start off with you. You know why? Because you came from co-ed school first and then you went into a boys school. So how was that for you? For me, it was quite a game changer. Because back in my school, I was still very shy. I remember some girls used to bully me last time. So I was eating food. And then, they took my fork and ran away. I couldn't eat. So when I went to secondary school, it was all boys then like I didn't have girls to disturb me or bully me. To be honest, when you think of it, you would think it would just be a bunch of nerds or people who just want to study. But yeah, the friends that I mixed with were is very rowdy Because this know, I think it's a big group thing. I just like, think this guy looks funny or something. Then I'll tell my friends, like guys, you know this guy, he's pecs right? He's degree, 1000 degrees. Right, okay okay. Then everybody will rush to this person's class right? Then stand up and see if we can call him an owl. Okay. Then bend. That is so mean, how can you not say this? Bullying. It's a bullying. Okay lah, but I understand what you're trying to say. You're just making fun of that kind of thing. But then ultimately... I mean, technically speaking, it is bullying lah. Yeah, it is. I think at the time, we were all like boys and childish. We didn't know better lah. I think for me and my girlfriends, it's very similar to what I give. Oh, okay okay. What what what? It's just the a group of us. When something funny happens, or when someone says something funny, then we just like... Attack the person. Okay. And the person can still be one of our friends. Is it when normal the effect is too? In my school though. Mine is like, everyday there was a fight. So the most epic one right, and this was like a police case. Oh my god. There was these two friends, so they were having a conversation during recess. And then his friend apparently said that his girlfriend is very ugly. So he got very angry and well-dubbed. Then he took his fork and he stole it. So he became known as the fork stepper. The friend that got a sedate to the head. Then the friend went to the hospital and apparently had 4 dogs on the. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. The friend at the hospital apparently had like 4 dots on the head. Especially because we're all boys in school. There are no females around except the teachers. Because I see these teachers all the time and they carry themselves in a certain way. That makes me a little bit more attracted to characteristics like that in other girls. Crushes? I wouldn't say a serious one. I god. Ma'am, sorry, sorry. But actually he was like, didn't intentionally... Actually, it's sexual harassment that... Oh god! So there was one time there was this really see-shirsh. The class she had to really for a very rowdy class, and basically like they took off their shirts and they started doing this around her. I would be terrified if I was in her position. I don't know if it's sexual harassment or what's the other in that case. I think like, especially now if it's in a 2019 context, right, it's definitely sexual harassment. Yeah, 10 years ago, it was stillBoys, I think our top rivals would be Cat High Boys. Because firstly, we are within the same vicinity. Every time we see a Cat High Boy or what, I don't know how we display our own signs of aggression. Maybe we take out a textbook. Wait in your faces. Something about high-poles, I think it's also because they don't have long pants. Once we reach section 3, that is something that we always internally disturb them about. So early, still wear. Still wear shorts and that kind of thing. But it's all just like, mindless banter amongst ourselves. Sometimes when I see RA boys, I think these people just take our uniform, but then put RA badge. Oh my god, I haven't seen any form. All at all. Oh my god, oh god, the same uniform, what the... I think for Sanfeds, right, we honestly did not give two shits about the academic ranking. But for some reason, I don't know why, we always dislike SGI. Yeah, like we always felt like SGI was like the nerdier and cruel version of us. The secondary school version. Eventually we outgrow that lah, because after we were like brothers school. You mentioned something about like, what, the Senpats boys who go to the know where to see the KC girls lah, was that? You said? Yeah, so basically after school everyday right, there were a few like hotspots where Senpats boys would go to to like look at SAC girls or like KC girls. Okay. Yeah. So we always would go to like SIGMEX or Parade Parade. Or like the Marine Parade, the Market area. SGI. The nearest school to us literally like 500m down is SCGS. What I've heard is that some of the younger boys used to walk over to SCGS and they tried to peek inside. But I think the SCGS girls didn't give a damn about us. Most of the time if you're not wrong, you'll be the SCGS girls with the ACS guys. Go tell the RGS girls or not. Okay, it's funny as it is, the hotspot for me, for my friends at least was Bishan and Iberi. What? I think they got quite close to a group of RGS girls and Crescent or CETA girls also. So what they would do is have study sessions la, after school. We move on to maybe talking about some misconceptions or assumptions people have about boys school boys. Yeah, and then actually one of them was because we did an episode on the girl school culture, right? And then everybody's like, Oh, all girls, cool girls, are you guys feeling that kind of thing? Is it the opposite for guys today? People have the assumption that all of y'all are gay. I think there's definitely like a percentage in Senpats, but we always used to make fun of SGI of being like the gayest school. I don't know why. Maybe because of the stuff that we do together when we are in school. We would strip someone down to his underwear in class. Right after class ends. And then just leave him inside and not below. No, no, but as in he's our friend. Maybe that's why people call us gay. We know we are not. I think maybe it stems from how close we are as like bros. So like we stay over each other's house like look at each other's ass. One of the things that someone asked me to ask was that boys school boys are homophobic then because people make all these type of comments as well. I think in St. Pat's it's really quite tell ah. There was this guy who posted on his blog that he went on a date with a guy from another school. That was like Saturday or something when he posted. Then after that weekend he came back on a Monday right. Everyone just started like shouting at him like, was gay, but we didn't bully... Nobody bullied them. One of the girls asked me to ask y'all to play soccer every recess. I wouldn't say every recess, there are days where we have to really eat. Very hungry, right? I wasn't one of the soccer clique. The step is the soccer school. Oh, it is? So we are known for playing soccer. So none of this conception is that boys school boys are very rich. My perception is that all boys school, for example, like ACS or St Andrews are the rich ones. Then, St Pat's, like no lah. I think for RI, maybe because it's the branding laws. How do you put that? The image of an RI boy that they portray, or they like to push out is someone who is very pretty, very proper. Might come across as coming from a rich family or wealthy background lah. Even, there are people who are very rich and stuff, but I think at the end of the day like, they didn't really like use this to look down on other people. I don't know why people see that. Because, I don't know if about now, but back then, there was this program called, something about welfare assistance, for the more underprivileged kids lah. No doubt I have to say that some of us come from an above average household. Even in school, they teach us to be independent of our parents, especially in terms of finances. So as much as I came from an above average household, I was actually some poor dog. I was living day to day on the $2.00 a mother gimme. Maybe because we are an independent school. The more wealthier parents are more willing to spend a little bit more money to send their child to an all-girls or an all-boys school. People assume boys school boys are very more elite. I think it would be a lot from the RIA side also. Because RIA is also a very elite school. I think at the end of the day, it really boils down to who you as a person, regardless of what school you come from, and also the kind of friends you mix with. For me, I couldn't really experience any of these pretentious, niche or elitist mindset. All the perceptions are created by our parents' generation. Then they just like, pass down to us. Then that's what we think. Looking back at your younger self, do you have any advice for yourself, or advice for people who are currently in a boys' school? Don't take out your clothes in front of teachers. Oh my god. I think for boys' school at least, sometimes you might get too carried away in terms of having too much fun with your friends. But I think you still have to take note of how important academics actually is also. It's not something that you can just throw away lah. But instead use your dynamics as a broad group to encourage each other or to push each other. And that's great because really the influence that we have on one another I would say is very very strong. It's good to send the candy for maybe an hour and just like, just talk shit. Because this is how boys school boys bond. If I have kids in the future, I would still send them to like St. Pat's or if it's a daughter, I would send them to IG. Cause I think the culture is very unique. I think it's good to take away also that, you know, no matter what school you go to, you need to work hard. You just work hard and be yourself, make good friends. That's great! Don't discriminate based on your school. Okay, so with that said, we've concluded this episode of Chik Chai Talking about boy school culture. And if you guys are from boy school and you feel like you want to add on to any of the comments that the cast have mentioned, feel free to leave it in the comments down below. And also let us know what else to talk about next time. And then don't forget to like, share and subscribe. Bye! Bye bye!