 So every time after smoking, I will always be very happy. Then I'll text like, eh, I really smoked on your high. Then they'll be like, oh, why you smoke, smoke what? I was like, no, I'm not weak, don't smoke. So that's the only term that I conclude myself as a pitmaster, somebody who knows the equipment well. There was once when I was smoking at home, the meat, where I took it out right, then it was so soft that it slipped and fell off my hand and splattered on the ground. Half of it went into my fishpond. I smoke about 80-90 kilos of brisket a week. Brisket is actually a very tough cut of meat. In the smoking circle, right, it's kind of like the ultimate goal that everybody wants to reach. Smoking is usually dominated by the males. I have to carry 90 kilos of meat every week. I think it's easier for males with their strength and physical build, but I'm somebody who enjoy doing such things and I feel that women can also do the things that men can do. I don't really have to go gym anymore already. I think so. So when I first started it was at the backyard of my house. Within six months I scaled up into a commercial business. I had like some strangers coming up to me and say that, you know, you are not F&B trained, you are not a chef, what makes you think that you can sell your meat? It's also this kind of words that make me motivate and go on further. I want to prove them wrong, I also want to prove myself wrong, so I will convert my energy into how I can smoke better meats. When I first stumbled upon smoking meats, like online reading of people who don't sleep for 20 or over hours, I was like, what's that? All these people are really crazy. Who knows? Like now I'm part of it. So right now it has been 22 hours and the brisket is finally, I think, should be ready. With a lot of time and patience and love, look at the end result, that's the part that you will wow out yourself and you make everybody around you like, wow. And I think that is like the joy of smoking and I really enjoy myself. When I first listed my product on my website, and then it was totally sold out in 30 seconds. I realised that when you set your mind onto something, you can just work through it. I believe that the passion, the love you have, the enjoyment that you have, it will always be reflected in the mix. And for me, when your heart just feels so full, I think that is really the kind of feeling that I'm looking for in whatever that I do. I mean, not just smoking. Yeah, life is short, I just enjoy. So I must share the happiness and joy with everybody, just like how I share my food. you