 Then when they were done, they opened the door and I'm like KR and N house. So for me, I stayed in residential college. Pet peeve! The nets are cool. The nets are real cool. So moving on, let's talk about your own personal haul experience. So what rooms you stay in and also do you have any stories to share about me? It's not like four stories in the haul. I stay in a double room. So for NTU, I think it's good because you can actually choose your room before you go in. So thankfully, I chose my friend and we ask you friends. That's a good thing. Because having a roommate, your dynamic with them completely changes. Test the friendship. There are stories of people who stopped being friends with their roommate. For my first two years, I stayed with a roommate. And then in my remaining time in hall, I stayed in a single room. So you like single or double better? I enjoy staying in a double room because I always had a roommate and it didn't get very lonely. On the other hand, a single room is great also because things can go my way easier. Like in terms of the clean up, in terms of access to my room. I feel like there's some hidden message behind all these. I lived in Cambridge for one year. Year one, Sam 2 and year two, Sam 1. And then when I did NOC, that was year two, Sam 2. And that was when I stayed in PGP. I lived in a single room, because they only have single rooms. And then in the evening, when the sun shines through my windows. Wow, the room sounds nice. It's in there! Super nice! And then I had all these fake flowers. I stuck them around my bed frame. So it was just the dreamiest room I ever had. I think for me, I had the best of both worlds. Which is a single room, but also I'm in the company of other people because I stayed asleep. That has a shared common area. But you cannot choose your sleepmates. So you just hang sway whether you get good roommates or not. For my first year, the roommates I stayed with were all seniors so we were just like, hi bye. But I was very very lucky when I was year 2. All people that I cook click with. So they're still my closest friends up and down. And then I think of them were exchange students who I still keep in contact with. Do you have any juicy roommate gossip stories to share? I know of this couple that always appears in my friend one time was like, Guys, I looked out my window and I just saw this couple having sex. I was like, what? And then he was like, everybody is talking about it in the chat, and it's damn bad. Because like, how do you tell them also what right? Just be aware and close your blinds. This is a very important rule. I didn't see anything with my own eyes, but that's what I heard. I think the walls are quite thin. The walls are thin. So when people study too hard, you know, sometimes it can be hurt. When they study, what are these things? Damn hard. Damn hard. Damn hard. Then I'm like, okay, let's find a way to study. I get what you mean by thin walls. It was my friend's room. I walked past her door and then I heard like... Oh my god! Then I pulled my ear. Then I... I stood with my door open. Then I leaned against the door frame like that. Wait for them. So how long did you wait? This girl looked creepy ah? Then when they were done, they opened the door and I'm like... So moving on to Haul activities, what accumulate points, you need to participate in events, functions, run by either your blog or your haul. So, I didn't join anything. I'm not particularly proud about it because I feel like haul is a great way to pick up new things and new skills, which I didn't get to experience for myself because I was very busy socking beyond school. So, I couldn't really accumulate points. But because I spent a lot of time with my blockmates, they helped me to stay on for the next semester. So I think, firstly, we have the same things. But we call them interest groups, at least in the busu. One of the groups that I think my friend started was T-Freedom, which is a LGBTQ plus group that supports a lot of the LGBTQ plus people in the hall itself, in the museum itself. That's something that I feel makes the museum a little bit different in terms of like what we offer. I spent a lot of time in NUS. So like the club, the NUS club itself. The biggest thing that I did was to take my hall dance. At the start of the year, there will be a dance competition where all halls will compete together. So that was really fun. And also I think hall is a very good place actually to try something you've never tried before. In terms of commitments and goals, I joined as a group leader for orientation camp. I was also in the Hall committee. Something I like about NTU is we have this thing called IHG. So it's Interhall Games. And there are a lot of different kind of sports and recreational activities. For a hall, there's a shared pantry right? And then that's where I even like some people are super gross. They have microwave ovens and there are stories of people who use the oven to dry their socks. If you sleep in the older halls, please don't use the microwave oven. Sometimes even at the urinal, it's quite hard. Sometimes it's like, dripping here on top. I don't know how it... I don't know how it got there. I think the biggest culture shock for me right, was the partying culture. Especially at the start of the semester. Then they are just always like, you wanna go out to drink? Do you wanna drink in my room? Even though, it is strictly banned. And people get into into so much trouble and they started to clamp down very strongly towards the end of my whole stay la. Oh, also the sex culture. So I heard of how there are WhatsApp chats in home that are just for hookups. It's a rumor, nobody has actually seen the chat. Oh you have? Anyway I have not seen the chat, but you know, little purgies that have told us about these things. Given the peer pressure, if people around you are doing things that you don't believe in, don't do it. Just be your own person. I don't know about you, but I know that in the NUS, if something happens, the whole hall knows about it the next day. Just be aware of your actions. What your biggest takeaway from staying in Haul? I think although there's a lot of like weird stories about Haul and weird things that's going on, I still really enjoy my stay because it really gives me a chance to like learn how to live my own. And another big takeaway is definitely the friends that I've made because there are people who have seen you at your worst. There are people who you can just really knock at the door and then go inside to talk if you feel down or anything. I think the biggest takeaway for me will also be my friends. These are the people who have been there for you because they are so accessible and at the same time, we are also very like-minded in a way. Independence is one of the biggest takeaways that you're gonna get. Because for the first time in my life, I had a place to call my own and everything that was within this little space right, belonged to me and it felt so good. It inspired me to want to work towards that again, to someday be able to look at a place and say that I own this place. The biggest takeaway for me is that staying in RCE or even hall right, made my whole uni experience a lot easier. Yeah because I had something to go back to all the time after a very long day of classes and friends who can empathise with what I'm going through. And also, secondly, I think it's a lot about taking initiative and learning how to start up your own project and lead your own projects in the hall. Because a lot of times you don't have the opportunity to do that outside. So last question will be, any advice to the fellow people who are entering hall in August? I think anything like what they mentioned before, stay true to yourself. But I think still go inside with a very open mind. Because there's a lot of new experiences you're going to enter into. There's a lot of new things you can try, new things you can make. So I think it's going to be a very exciting time nonetheless. To completely agree with whatever she has said, remember to have fun. Because some people, they just have hall to study or there's a place for them to rest after school and whatnot. But they sometimes forget about the fun aspect of uni life. While you're having fun, I feel like the fun element can... People might overemphasise on that sometimes as well. So those who get very into all the activities and it might become very overwhelming for you. And just find your support system, know who you can rely on and who you can talk through all your struggles with and it will help you a lot through your new journey. I think my biggest advice is prioritize your time. Because that's something a lot of people don't realize. Because you know that whole triangle, everyone like you want to study sleep and social life, then people always choose to study and social life and then they don't like get enough time for themselves. I think that is something very important. Don't lose yourself in hall. Prioritising your own mental health is... to have a great life. Right? Yeah. Today we talked about hall culture and we learnt that as long as you stay true to yourself, you're going to enjoy everything and your new experiences. So if you guys like this video, remember to leave a comment down below and also let us know what else to talk about next time. And don't forget to like, share and subscribe! Bye!