 People ask me a lot, why don't I just go and become this super high-fate lawyer and then donate a lot of money to refugees? It's not like my dream was always to be a Hongker or to sell coffee at a Hongker centre. I didn't even drink coffee. The only reason I did this was to create livelihoods for refugees in Thailand. Usually, I have to get to the Depot Shop Bar, 7 plus, 7.30 liters. I've got to pick up all the ingredients that Amoy needs for the day, like their bread, their coffee beans, and load it up into the car and then drive it off to Amoy. If I sit like this, on the way, I'll be like, oh, today's loaded. You'll wonder if there'll be any customer at all that didn't even drink coffee. I was a lawyer and all of my lawyer friends who pull all-nighters, they would drink coffee, right? I'm hoping that Medroster creates a machine that converts the existing consumerism in Singapore into meaningful livelihoods for refugees. I don't want it to always just be aid and donations that are sustaining them. No one wants to queue up for three hours. Only one wants to go there and have to prove how poor thing they are to get the bag of rice. Hi! Thank you so much! People ask me why refugees specifically, right? I think there was a time in my life where I really needed help and I needed someone to speak up for me and to fight for me because I was too weak to do it for myself. And that period of time I also heard a lot about refugees. It resonated a lot with me, like what they're going through. Because no one would believe their story, no one would help them. And that's why I want to help. I realised that for a lot of them, they don't have the legal right to work. The more pressing need was pay rent or buy food for their children and I felt that it would be more useful for me to focus my attention on livelihoods. And that's how I ended up with Merrister. Everything okay? I'll go pay that for first. Bye bye! The previous making process is very long actually. We take around 6 to 8 hours. I mean sometimes I think about it, like maybe you just buy from wholesaler, you know, like Delhi France, then you just be like second seller. But I think it will affect because we're already known for all this stuff so, can't really change the menu now. People will realise. What should we do? For me, I'm more of a warrior, but I think my dad knows so much, so he'll just be like, oh, there's seasons. Whereas for me, I would stress at every... Whenever it's done, I'll just be like, oh my gosh, no. My normal life last time, every lunch I would go to the gym, which cost me, I think, maybe 200 a month, right? After my gym, I'll go and buy this $7 chai latte. And I will be like, well, this is seven bucks, it's crazy. But I will still do it every single day. Yeah, sometimes people ask me if I miss my old job, right? I do miss being an employee. If anyone is an employee, stay an employee, don't become an employer. Because I've never experienced living so close to the margin before, right? Mentally, you're under a lot more uncertainty and that feeling of not knowing if you can cover this mental stress is what the refugees that I work with go through every day of their life. I think one of the reasons that I continue, even though it's a pretty hard time, was, okay, we're supporting 11 refugees. If I have to feel like this every day, this mental stress, I can imagine 11 people have to feel like that without our programs. The only reason I'm still here is because I feel like there's a bigger purpose to this shop. The more cups we sell, the more refugees we can onboard to our program. Every cup matters. Every cup is literally like someone is behind the artwork on your cup and it's their life that you are like helping out.