 She was like, Afika, do you want to see a surprise? Then she did this for a skirt, and then she said, look underneath'm about to tell you has a title The title is It all started when I was hanging out with this guy at his house So we were just playing video games and stuff Nothing suspicious ok? We were just playing video games After a while I went to the toilet lah just to do normal toilet stuff. Then I realized, oh need to change my pad. So I just, you know, I started changing my pad. You know how girls like the pad, they will take the pad and then they will like wrap it in toilet paper then they'll throw it away. So I had my little pad in toilet paper ball just us holding it. Then I looked around and I was like, there's no bin here. There's no dustbin anywhere inside. In my head I was like, this guy has a surround sound gaming system. He has a walk-in wardrobe, but he doesn't have a dustbin in his toilet. And then he's like outside and he's like, you okay? And I'm like, I don't want to tell him that I have nowhere to throw my pad. So I really sat in there for 10 minutes trying to figure out what to do. And then eventually somehow somewhere I got a plastic bag and I stuffed it in my plastic bag and I tied it up and then I shoved it in my pocket. Then I came out of the toilet and I was like, I need to go home now. Then he was like, what? Then I was like, bye! Then I e-tipped myself out of there. If you are a male viewer, you are watching this video and you are male, can you tell me, do you have a dustbin in your toilet? I'm perplexed. I was so traumatized by it, I can even remember the exact date. It was New Year's Day, the 1st of January. We were sleeping. And then I woke up because I felt like my mother-in-law was going to be a bad boy. I was so traumatized by it, I can even remember the exact date. It was New Year's Day, the 1st of January. We were sleeping. And then I woke up because I felt like my mother-in-law was going to be a bad boy. I was so traumatized by it, I can even remember the exact date. It was New Year's Day, the first of January. We were sleeping and I woke up because I felt like my dow day wet and I was like, shit, the eye wet a bit. Then I looked like blood la. Bloods right, it wasn't like a small red dot. It was... Then my boyfriend's house, the sink is outside the toilet. Not in the toilet. So I cannot close the door. So I was in the kitchen, openly scrubbing my blood-stained bed sheets. And then his mum walked out of her room. She opened the door, then she very happily tell me, Good morning, Sharmin! Then I was like, Good morning, Auntie! Then she, what happened? Then like, I stayed in Exa's bed lah, oh my god! She nice call me, she tries to take over the sheets and then put it into the washing machine and then help me clean the bed with me. Because the blood actually seep through the bed sheet and then stain the mattress also. So we actually flipped the mattress around! It's still there! But if I flip it back, I will see that brow patch. When I got on the school bus, I fell asleep and the next thing I knew from one part of Singapore all the way to Changi Airport, my whole pants when I woke up right, it was a bloodbath. It was just red. And I was like, Oh my god, why are you up there? Just make tea or something. What the heck is going on? Then I was like, oh shit, it's my pee right. When I stood up right, I felt so bad because I got the bloodstain on the on the bus seat. It's not the leather kind you know where you can just use wet tissue to wipe. It's the cushion kind, you know, where it will soak up. Then I think I tried to take some tissues or whatnot. I really tried to wipe whatever I could. Then I took the pad, then ran to the toilet, like throw away all the tissues, then I went in the trilico, I took out my jeans and I looked at it and I was like... Oh my god, this is like a bloodbath. It was so disgusting. It was like one of my heaviest periods. I don't know why for a P5 girl, I was like 11. Why did so much blood come out of me? I took the video, I sprayed water, I took some wet tissue, I really go and spray. Then I turned my jeans out at the toilet bowl to make sure everything was dry. Obviously I cannot walk out of the cubicle half naked. So I think I wore wore back my jeans and then you know the hand dryer. I just stood under there and I just keep putting my hand there so that it knows that it can censor my hand. I stand there and let my jeans dry off with my butt like that. Then with the hand dryer, just dry my jeans. And then I went back to meet my tea. and me laugh damn hard and I was like, hahaha! In secondary school, my school uniform was all white, which is a recipe for disaster, especially when you're a girl going through puberty and then you don't know how to handle yourself. It was a beautiful assembly morning. I did not wear a pad that was long enough to cover my ass, you know, the kind of pad right? I think when you're a young girl, you always try to wear that kind of pad because you know, you're active or you sit down white. And last time, I remember my mother used to say like, wow, white uniform, damn troublesome. Very, very easy stain. And you know what? That's exactly what happened. It was a Saturday summer. That day just happened, right, we had to go back to school for some school anniversary celebration or something. So can you imagine, right? The whole freaking school is in the auditorium. And then there was a point in time when like, I think the honour or some important person walked into the building. Everyone needed to stand to clap right? The moment I stand, my classmate from the back, she turned to me and she... Oh my god, your skirt got stained! I'm like, no la, no la, I think you're trolling me la. No la, no la. Then she... No no no no, damn serious. Then I'm like... The worst part is in front of the few rows of people that were behind me right? I still need to like run to the nearest toilet, which is freaking far by the way. And then I had to like explain to my teachers like, cause some important person talking in front of you, imagine like this child like trying to run off from the back, and she's like can you like sit down just like that, the person told the teacher, they say no no no no no you don't understand, I got sick gone out, I got sick out right now. So I went. I mean, at that point in time, it's not possible to hide it from anybody. But also like, you're the thin and like, nobody really cares. So when I remember I need to go to toilet, and then it was quite packed, so there's only like one cubicle left. Then when I went in, I was like, what is this smell so funny? So I look over. The bean was full with full with pad and then you can see right some pad is not even wrapped with the tissue paper You know, but you can see the red spot in the black stuff. Yeah la then it was then goes like like stack and you cannot close and on top of that right still got one pamper you know and is so when I talk about, I still remember the toilet for about 10 minutes and I was very cautious when I left because I wanted to make sure that they went back all the way to their classroom before I even leave the toilet just in case, you know, like, I don't know, maybe they waited for me outside to see who is this girl changing your pet so loudly. I can't control the sound, I'm just changing my pet and like, it feels so menstruate, right? Like, I've been in a girls' school for 10 years, so that means all things periods are super normalised. Sometimes, I know across the room, I say, anybody got a pet? They will just toss her across and it's totally normal. So in sec 3, we were having assembly and we were in the hall and I was sat beside this girl and she was known to be very rebellious and she would always be like, you wanna fight? You wanna fight ah? And I was really- I was kinda scared of her. But she was friendly to me and I wanted it to stay that way. It was a really boring assembly and she tapped on my back. She was like, Afika! Do you wanna see a surprise? First of all, this assembly is really boring. I would love to see a surprise. Second of all, I don't want to piss off. So I just said, yes, sure! Then she did this to her skirt and then she said, look underneath. And I was just so bored and brain dead from the assembly. I just, okay, I look. It was a massacre down there. It was just blood all the way. It's not like she leaked or anything. She was free bleeding. Free bleeding from her young heart spandies. We were sitting criss-cross, right? And then she just dragged her butt on the floor. And she left a bloody snail trail on the ground. And I did not know how to react. I was just staring at the trail. I just didn't know what to say. I felt like if I said, why, what are you doing? She's gonna beat me up. If I pointed it out, I would embarrass her. So I did not know what to say. I just like, great. Go school things. Thank you for watching this episode. Let us know in the comments what else you'd like us to share about. Don't forget to like, share and subscribe. Bye!