 I think being unwanted is a thing that I struggle with my whole life. Your birth parents don't want you. Your adoptive parent-child relationships are not easy to navigate. On this episode of Can Ask May, I speak to Dewi, who at two years old found out she was adopted by her parents. My girl mom and my mom was in the midst of a conversation. They talk about me being a doctor. Then I was like, huh? Wait, I'm a doctor? Then my mom was just kind of like, yeah. But then I think it was only when I grew up, you would let them know when you're too engaged? Next one. Um... Of course, man! I think being unwanted is a thing that I struggle with like my whole life, right? Because like, in my head, especially as a kid, there was immature... um, your both parents don't want you, your adoptive parents aren't showing you enough love and attention. So it feels like you're unwanted. Since birth and at home, it always feels like I have to overcompensate. Yeah, so I think that's the reason why I'm so like quite loud. I feel like I have to be able to make people laugh. I mean I love to make people laugh but like it sometimes also feels like I have to, to you know have their sense of validation like, hey I like this girl I want her to be my friend that kind of thing yeah I remember I had this one girl a friend that I was very close to at the time her mom came to pick her up and then their relationship was very like very close they were almost like best friends then I was like oh. Then I got very jealous. Then I remember I cried in the car. Oh no! I feel like your childhood was still always like how you say, hot and new no matter what. And especially because like, I really struggled with the whole like, adoption and being unwanted thing for like so long. In my head I would school my birth parents and be like, if you can't raise a kid, don't give birth to me and like put me in this world with this bunch of stupid parents, especially my mom, right? It's like, if you don't even show me that you love me, then like, why are you scolding me and treating me like that? And that's why we had a very, very bad relationship. I felt really lonely. I felt... It was in secondary school right? I told myself, you know what? I think I'm alone in this world. And I think only I can get what I want in life. I think that was like the main idea I'm that felt like throughout my teenage years. But I start depending on people right. I would feel like I'm losing control again. I still struggle with it. Like everyday. I would say no now. Cause I don't really have time for that because like if I find them I don't know how I'll feel if I actually meet them. I think it will be a mix of emotions but I feel like eventually as life goes by I feel like it will be one of my life missions to really just meet who gave birth to me, who made me. For example, sometimes I can be very emotional. Sometimes I can be a bit too angry. Sometimes I'll ask myself, do I get these traits from my birth parents? So I've always wanted to get to know them as a person and see if there are any similarities between me and them. And actually, yeah, I actually know how to think about it. I would love to get to know them as a person, see how they are. But now at this point, why are you sleeping? that inside of me but it's like if I think as present me who is a bit more mature as compared to back then right I don't feel angry I just feel curious but I can always feel this like anger inside of me like deep deep deep down I think it would be closure for the younger me who are so angry at her both mom but with closure for her her. I don't need closure, I'm good. But I think she does. Yeah. Okay. No one in my family is biologically related to each other. My brother is adopted. But then I think to me now, family is... I think it's just beyond blood. I think that makes us more of a family actually, if you really think about it. Because there are families out there that are related, but they don't even treat each other like family. I feel like pregnant ladies, right, they have nine months to register that. Okay, they have a kid inside of them. But my mum didn't have that. It's just like a kid take care of it love it discipline it and I think my mom is quite like now I understand that like she's super strong and amazing for being able to do that but then back then I didn't understand that yeah I remember like one day I just got so drunk I drunk text my own mom I said mommy I'm so sorry I was so ungrateful I should have I said, I realised that if I start. Yes, A big yes. I love kids. That's one. I still think that adoption is as beautiful as a thing as pregnancy is. But then I think I will try to conceive first. If I give birth, right, the kid will be the first person I know or have met that is like biologically related to me. Yeah, I think I'll feel like I'm not alone anymore and I think it'll be the best feeling in the world because I... the younger me would say I finally have a family. Is there anything you me life Yeah, thank you for giving me a chance to like Giving me the chance to live life and giving me the potential to be great at life. I think even though we went through a lot, I think it really made me the person that I am today. I mean, yeah, there are things that they could have certainly done better, for sure. But no one taught them to be parents and I think that they really did their best. So yeah, I think I owe it to them for bringing me up and people can give both the kids but to raise a kid right, I think it's hard. There are more orphans than there are parents, which says a lot. Because not everyone can be a parent. I hope you enjoyed this episode of Can Ask Meg. I hope that this episode allowed you to reflect on your own relationship with your parents as well. If you enjoyed this video, don't forget to subscribe and hit the notification button. Thank you for watching.